My Mother the Gangbang Queen
"I want a divorce!" her cheating husband's voice rang throughout her mind, as David shoved his hard teenage cock into her mouth. Her mind screamed out in joy as her son's two other friends were stuffing her ass and cunt to the brim. Her hands jacked off the other two boys that stood beside David.

"Smile for the camera Ms. Potters," Chad said raising her cum covered heart shaped face to fill the camera screen. "Now don't you look pretty?"

"Of course, I do with all this tasty cum covering me," Sarah said grinning madly at the camera. "See Bill, at least I'm not a male whore," she said taking a jab at her ex-husband. "Come on boys you can fuck better than that, put some effort into those thrusts," Sarah said smacking her ass.

Sarah played with her wet twat as she watched the mp4 file before she sent it off to her deadbeat husband. Licking her fingers clean as she clicked on the send button. Smiling wickedly knowing how much it would irk her ex-husband doing things he had once begged her to do.

"Mom!" Sarah sighed with longing for the only man she hadn't taken to her bed yet. The only man to not notice the seductive measures she had taken up since her divorce. She had lost count of how many times she had laid in bed, yearning to have her son pounding her horny cunt. "Mom!" Sarah ran her hand over the lacy material before slipping into the clean underwear.

"Yes, I'm here baby," Sarah said exiting her bedroom.

"Oh, I thought you might be working the night shift," Mark said as he raided the refrigerator.

"Mark! Get that face out of my refrigerator!" Sarah huffed angrily, her clenched fist resting on her shapely hips.

"Yes, mom," Mark sighed closing the door in a loud thump. Peering out from the corner of his eye as he walked over to the sink to pour himself a glass of water he wondered if his mother knew he could see right through her shirt.

"How was school baby?" Sarah asked as she walking up behind him as Mark drained his glass. Pressing her chest against his back as Mark filled it once again.

"I think David and the others are sick or something," Mark said offhandedly unaware that hours earlier she had drained those teenage boys of their spunk.

"Oh, then you best stay away from them," Sarah whispered her lips brushed against her son's neck. How she wished that he would just spin her around, take her by the arms, lead her to the counter, and bend her over roughly snatching her thong to the side. Telling her in that rough masculine voice that he was going to fuck her like she always wanted him to. "Maybe spend some time with your lonely mother," Sarah said hoping he would take the bait.

"How about a rain check," Mark said slipping past her. "I've got to get that history report done before Friday," he said grabbing his bag as he headed towards his bedroom. Mark slumped into his desk chair, tilting his head back blowing out a breath wondering if all his friend's mothers were as strange as his. While he was sure his mother was attractive to other people. He just couldn't see it.

Cracking open his door, placing his ear to the door. Listening as the TV roared to life, closing his door in a silent kiss Mark needed to release his teenage hormones. His desktop computer hummed to life as his need to surf the web overrode his need to pass his history class. Signing onto an incognito page, so his mother couldn't see his surfing history if she checked the Wi-Fi log on the cables website his finger tapped his chin, wondering if he should see if he could find something new, or stick with his tried and true college coeds site he always visited.

Typing in, big butts, huge tits, and older woman into the search bar, his fingers drummed along his desk as he waited for the results to load. Raising an eyebrow as the first item was mother fucks son on the Motherless website. Moving the pointer over the link Mark hesitated incest wasn't his cup of tea, yet he was growing bored of watching nineteen-year-old girls getting plowed by dudes with enormous junk.

Cocking his head to the side as he watched the preview the website allowed the user to watch before choosing the video. If he was going to watch incest porn then he at least wanted it be as real as he could get. Clicking on the link that read 'Mother encouraged me to fuck her'. Plugging in his headphones he at least wanted to hear if she or the guy actually said mom or son.

Mark's mouth hung agape as the video hit the thirty second mark, and the woman that was riding him moaned out, "Fuck your mom," Mark just couldn't believe it; nor could he ignore the fact his cock was rock hard. Fishing out his hard rod from the confines of his blue jeans, restarting the video grabbing the washcloth he hid in his desk. Mark might be a horny virgin, but at least he was a clean horny virgin.

"That's it fuck that cock," Mark hissed as his hand sped along his cock. "Now aren't you a naughty mother for fucking your son," he moaned leaning his head back falling into the bliss as he masturbated.

Shock and fear played across his eyes as his mother stood over him holding his ear bud in her hand. "There better be a good reason why I find you in here doing naughty things to yourself," Sarah said trying not to look down at her son's hard cock. Yet as she quickly glanced down she could have sworn that she saw his bulbous head surge. "Just what are you listening to anyway," Sarah said pushing her son away from the desk. Gasping as she heard the same words spoken as her son had, bending forward knowing how her shirt rode up her back revealing the translucent material that covered her hot mound. "There better be a good reason why you're watching this kind of filth," Sarah said looking over her shoulder keeping herself from licking her lips as her son's eyes were centered on her exposed womanhood.

"Mark, tell me does this kind of thing get you off?" Sarah asked yet all she got as a stern nod as Mark worked his cock to completion. "Then here, your mother's pussy should be the one you're jacking off to not this filth," Sarah said her heart racing as she pushed aside her underwear. Mark stared wide eyed at his mother's pink puffy lips. His cock roared to a hardness he never knew existed.

"Come on baby, come for your mother," Sarah said wiggling her ass at him. "Or do you need some stimulation?" she asked looking over her shoulder watching him nod vehemently. "Remember Mark, I'm only doing this for you," Sarah said pushing aside his keyboard. She leaed on her arm to ensure that her cunt was perfectly centered on his face. "Have you ever seen a real pussy before baby?"

"No...." Mark said weakly.

"Then here," Sarah said reaching down between her legs. "Look closely baby," she said as she spread her moistening lips. "Mama is going to finger fuck herself just for you baby," Sarah cooed before plunging two fingers into her hot canal. "Oh yes! Mmmm," she moaned as she increased her pace. The sound of his precum moans rang out in her ears, as she watched her son's reflection in the computer monitor. "That's it baby work that cock!" Sarah purred, yet all she wanted was for him to shove it into her hot cunt.

"Mom hand me the washcloth," Mark moaned knowing he was about to cum. However, Mark was in a state of shock as his mother whipped around like a bolt of lightning. Before he could utter any kind of protest his cock was in his mother's mouth. Her hand worked in time with her bobbing head. "Fuck mom I'm going to....." Mark's hips bucked as his hot seed shot into her awaiting mouth.

"See isn't that better than your hand baby?" Sarah asked after she swirled her son's cum around her mouth. Just so her taste buds would know his taste. "Maybe in the future you will come to me if you need more of this," she said her tongue running up the back of her son's cock. "I'm more than happy to do it for you sweetheart," Sarah said before swallowing his cock again.

Now that she had come this far she just couldn't get enough of her son's cock. Yet she also knew she couldn't push him to fast. That would only ruin what she had in store for her sweet adorable boy.

"Now you better be working on that report," Sarah said rising from the floor. "Because I don't want to see you wanking off again or you'll going to get punished," she purred into his ear as she flashed her naked pussy before covering it. "And that my boy, you'll never be the same again if I catch you playing with this," Sarah said lustfully as her fingers ran along his shaft as her teeth tugged on his earlobe. "Then again you might like having something hot, wet, and hungry wrapped around your cock," she said ominously shaking her ass as she left his room.

"Hey, Mark how's your mom?" David asked as he sat down across from Mark at the lunch table.

"Fine, why?" Mark asked wondering why his friend would be concerned for his mother.

"Because she's a nice lady bro," Chad said as his tray slid across the table. "Man you sure are lucky having a nice mom like that," he said sharing a look of knowing with David.

"What I wouldn't give for my mom to be like yours," David sighed into his food.

"Maybe if you weren't such an asshole to her perhaps she would be a tad bit nicer to you," Mark said before stuffing the last of his roll into his mouth.

"That will happen when someone takes out that tampon she constantly has stuffed up her cunt," David hissed angrily.

"Want me to give it a try?" Chad asked chuckling as David shoved him roughly. "Maybe she just needs a good shag," he said glancing at Mark then to David. Wondering when his friend would catch onto their taunts.

"Hey, more power to you," David said raising his hands in surrender. "If you can get those legs of hers to open you'd be a god in my book."

"Right, well I'm going to be late for class," Mark said before leaving his friends. They had always talked about sex as all young men did in their youth, yet he just couldn't shake the feeling they were speaking of experience and not fantasy. He just couldn't believe David would talk about his own mother like that. Mark knew the struggles they were going through and he had lent a hand, when Ms. Stone couldn't afford to give her son money for the schools overpriced lunch. He was glad to do it too, since that day forward he had gained a friend that stood up for him when he could not.

"Hi, Ms. Stone, I was wondering if everything was alright?" Mark scanned through his text before he sent it off. While he knew it was improper, she treated him like family. Mark just couldn't get her son's words out of his mind. Whenever he was over at David's house she was always polite to him, while he wasn't ashamed to admit he always checked her out whenever she left the room. Since her husband's death she visited the gym three to four times a week. The one time Mark had caught her in her tight yoga pants he had wanking material for an entire month. He also knew his mother wouldn't approve of him using her in his masturbation routine.

"Of course, that is an odd question to ask out of the blue like that. Tell me young man," Mark felt his cheeks heat knowing it was her pet name for him. "Why do you ask all of a sudden? Surely nothing has changed in the two days you were last over."

"It's nothing Ms. Stone, just something your son said at lunch." Mark said ducking into the library knowing he could skip gym while he texted with 'in his mind' the M.I.L.F. next door.

"Oh, what did that little snot say this time?!" Mark could feel the loathing in her text.

"I don't think I should say, Ms. Stone." Mark said making a beeline towards the darkest corner of the library.

"You will young man, or I'll stop wearing those yoga pants you enjoy seeing me in," Ms. Stone whispered from behind him. Taking Mark by the arm dragging him off towards the closed section reserved only for the librarian and as she was the only librarian they wouldn't be disturbed. "Please, I know you stare at my ass every time I wear them," Ms. Stone said pushing Mark into the enclosed sorting area for the book returns. "Why do you think I wear them? A woman enjoys knowing at she could get a man's attention."

"Now tell me what did my son say to make you think there was something wrong?" Ms. Stone asked her foot tapping on the carpet. Crossing her arms just below her breast as her floral dress swayed gently as the air return blew across her legs. "Well, Mark I haven't got all day!"

"Umm I don't know Ms. S," Mark said looking at his feet rubbing the back of his neck.

"Mark," Ms. Stone said coldly her slender finger tilting his chin up. "You will tell me, or you're not leaving this building!"

"It's rather crude," Mark said looking away.

"I don't care, and if you want to come over this summer and we both know why you do," Ms. Stone said shyly smirking. Taking a step forward she had known for some time that Mark had a crush on her. It was one of the reasons she dressed so provocatively when she knew he would be around. "If you tell me then I might, and I mean I might just give that teenage mind of yours what's been longing for. Oh, and do call me Beverley," she said enjoying watching the boy squirm underneath her gaze.

"All right as long as you promise that David doesn't find out," Mark said sighing seeing her nod. "He said you wouldn't be so bitchy if you took out the tampon that you have stuffed up your cunt. If you can get those legs of hers to open you'd be a god in my book," he said wishing he could hide from her burning stare.

"Is that what my little good for nothing son said about me?" Beverley asked trying to control her anger at her disappointing son.

"Yes," Mark said weakly.

"Would you like to see if there is a tampon up there?" Beverley asked her hand running down Mark's chest. "I know how many times you masturbated in my house; such a naughty boy doing such things in my bathroom," she purred lustfully. "Come Mark tell me you haven't jerked this cock," Beverley said cupping his groin. "Thinking of how I would look sucking, licking, fucking this hard cock," she said closing the gap between them.

"Yes, Beverley," Mark said his voice trembling as her hand remained attached to his hardening cock. "Every time I'm over at your house seeing you in your yoga gear, I rush home when we're done hanging out. Most of the time I can't wait to get to my room."

"My, my so much cum spilt over little old me," Beverley said fanning her face. "Well, my young man," she said gently squeezing his cock. "Go grab that chair," Beverley said pointing behind him. "Now you sit right there, I'm about to blow your mind," she said walking over to the fifty-year-old desk that to her should have been thrown out in the Reagan years. Yet it was still a solid piece of furniture. She just hoped it would support her long enough for her little show. "Mark take that cock out that you toyed with in my house," Beverley said looking over her shoulder as she unzipped her dress.

Mark's Adam Apple bobbed as Beverley's dress cascaded down her body. His mind had seemed to cease to function as the ass he had lusted after for two years stared him in the face. He worked his tongue around his dry mouth to bring some semblance of moisture to his gaping mouth. The bright red panties contoured to her apple shaped ass so perfectly.

"Mark, are you forgetting something?" Beverley asked wondering when the last time someone looked at her with such sexual lust was. Gooseflesh rose along her bronzed skin as she peered out of her eye as Mark fumbled with his pants. "Here sweety let me do it," she said turning on the ball of her foot and smiling inwardly as Mark's eyes bulged out of their sockets. The bra she had worn did little to support her breast, the satin roses that covered her light brown areolas, and the rest of the material was nothing more than ornamental to draw attention to her heavenly orbs. If Mark's lingering gaze was any indication then it was working like a charm.

Stepping lightly on the carpet, biting her lip as Mark's cock strained against the denim, Beverley knew how long it had been since she had a man sporting such wood for her. Her husband's battle with cancer had left him too weak to even walk yet alone take care of her carnal desires. Bending from her hips, her eyes watched his as they savored her hanging fruit as her fingers eased the brass zipper down she just couldn't help herself. Licking her lips as Mark tossed his head back as her hand wrapped around his steel rod.

"Well, aren't you just a horny little boy," Beverley purred as she snaked his cock out. "My, would you look at that," she said seductively looking down at his aroused cock. Placing her left hand on the back of the chair, she placed her cleavage just inches away from his face. "Do you want to touch my breast Mark? Would you like to suck on them?" Beverley asked the sexual cougar within her started to show itself.

"Yes!" Mark said exuberantly.

"Then undo my bra young man," Beverley commanded as her fingers skimmed along his shaft soaking the pads of her fingers in his salty precum then licking them clean, savoring the taste on her tongue. How she had longed to have a man's cum filling her hungry mouth. "Ah, so refreshing," she said as Mark unhooked the front clasp. Allowing the bra to hang open, knowing how her nipples were standing erect as his hot breath flowed over her skin. "Go on Mark have a taste," Beverley said pushing his face into her chest. Beverley steadied her trembling legs as his lips brushed against her hardened nipple. Her fingers weaved through his hair as his lips captured her right breast.

"Yes, suck on that tit," Beverley growled hungrily. Her mind just couldn't wrap itself around the fact she was allowing a teenage boy to touch her in the most intimate of places. However, she also couldn't refute how her body yearned to have the touch of a man once again. "Yes! Make me cum Mark!" Beverley hissed in his ear. Beverley never understood why she came so easily when someone stimulated her breast; nor was she about to look a gift horse in the mouth either. "Stick your fingers inside me young man, and feel me as I cum on them!"

Mark wasn't about to miss out on the chance of touching his very first pussy. Pushing her panties to the side, his middle and index finger spread her lips, Mark's mind raced as he filed the hot, wet, tight feeling away for later usage.

"Yes, that's it Mark, feel that cunt to your hearts content," Beverley purred as her hips moved on their own; pushing her body over the edge of her building orgasm. "Ah fuck!" she moaned feeling her cream surging down her canal. "Now tell me young man is there a tampon up in that hot cunt?" Beverley asked wondering if she could entice him to her empty bed.

"No, I can't say there is."

"Good answer," Beverley said seductively, before reaching down and removing his hand from her satisfied twat. "I taste good don't I?" she asked sticking his fingers into his mouth. She was always one to return a favor, and to her, getting her off in her office qualified as such. "Now whatever am I to do with this?" Beverley asked, her hand taking hold of his engorged rod.

"S....suck it," Mark stammered.

"Oh, you want me to suck on this hard cock of yours?!" Beverley asked teasingly.

"Yes, I do. Now put that cock in your mouth!" Mark said hoping he hadn't just blown his chance to have those lips of hers wrapped around his manhood.

"I doubt me giving you a blow job is the only thing you want to do to me?" Beverley asked sinking to her knees. "I bet you want to ram this naughty cock deep into my cunt don't you?" she asked peering up at him as she slowly stroked his throbbing steel rod. "I think you want to hear me moan, and plead for release as you fuck me senseless, am I right?"

"You damn right I do!" Mark said sucking in a breath as Beverley swallowed his cock to the hilt. "Oh god! Fuck!" he moaned. It was even better than he'd even dreamed about.
"Oh, you naughty boy," Beverley said lightly smacking his right hip as Mark pulled out his cell phone. "Go on take all the pictures you want," she said as she posed the tip of his cock at her lips, as Mark snapped the first of many pictures. "I want you always thinking of me when you wank this cock, but first you need more than just me sucking your cock," Beverley said before taking his phone from him and snapping multiple pictures of her cunt for his enjoyment later on. Right then she wanted his hot load down her starving throat. "Now you tell me when you're about to blow," Beverley said winking at him before she went back to her task.

Mark switched his camera over to video hitting the record button. He wasn't about to miss out on any of it as Beverley bobbed along his rod. As he watched the screen his cock looked so perfect disappearing into her mouth. However, due to inexperience he felt his balls churning announcing that the moment was drawing to a close.

"I'm about to cum," Mark moaned looking for something to catch his hot seed into. Yet he needn't worry as Beverley sucked his cock with such force it wasn't long his ball juice erupted into her awaiting mouth.

"My, my," Beverley cooed as she cleaned her lips of his remaining seed. "We aren't done yet are we Mark? There is still something you have yet to see," she said pulling him close. She wanted him to taste himself on her tongue as it darted into his mouth. "Now, how does my pussy look to you, young man?" Beverley asked as she bent over in front of him and spread her lips so Mark could see into her hot canal.

"Like paradise," Mark said softly. Beverley's heart raced as she had never heard her twat mentioned with such emotion before.

"Go on lick....." Beverley began to say before being interrupted by the schools intercom.

"Will Mark Potters please report to the office? I repeat, will Mark Potters please report to the office." Mark groaned as he was only a breath away from having his tongue probing Beverley's cunt.

"My, such a shame," Beverley said in a tisk tisk sound. "Maybe soon you will ram that cock into me," she whispered into his ear as she hugged him close. She placed his cock back into his pants as she didn't want anyone to know that she had just sucked off a student in her office.

She needed the job as even though her late husband's life insurance paid off the medical bills, it only left enough for them live somewhat comfortably. However, she wouldn't touch it unless it was an emergency.

"Now you best get going," Beverley said lightly kissing his cheek. "Do think of me when you wank that cock. Would love to see some photos," she said winking at as Mark ran into the book shelves.

"Dad, what are you doing here?" Mark asked as he neared the school's office.

"We'll talk about that later," Bill said steering his son toward the exit. "When we are in a more private setting," he said in a low whisper.

"Sit son," Bill said as he pointed to the couch when they entered his home. Bill liked the three bedroom two bathroom home he had bought at a steal. He also liked the fact that he was miles away from his ex-wife. "What I'm about to tell you, you might find disturbing but you need to know. For some time now your mother has been sleeping her way through this town. Hell, the woman makes bloody videos and sends them to me. However, that isn't what I brought you here for. Son, your mom has been fucking your friends. At least three times that I know of," Bill said studying his son's stunned reaction. "You should know Mark they call her the Gangbang Queen. I don't want her irresponsible actions marring you, my boy."

"That....that just can't be possible," Mark said flabbergasted.

"I am sorry, Mark, but it's true. Here watch it you don't believe me," Bill said turning his TV on. "This is the newest one she sent me the other day," he said handing his son the remote. Leaving his son to watch his deprave mother doing things that only porn stars get paid for.

"Those fucking assholes!" Mark yelled angrily tossing the remote at the love seat. He just couldn't believe she would do all that with his only friends. Rage flooded his veins knowing his friends were laughing behind his back at the fact he didn't know his mother slurped their cocks. How many days, months, even years had she been bedding his friends? How many of his so-called friends were truly friends, and not using him to get a piece of his mother's ass?

"I know son," Bill sighed as he reentered the living room. "There isn't much you can do; however, if you'd like you can move in here at least until you go off to college."

"Thanks Dad, I think I will," Mark said darkly, pulling out his phone as he exited his father's house.

"Hey, Beverley, I don't think you'll be seeing much of me anymore." Mark typed out as he walked to the bus stop.

"What? Why? What's going on? Talk to me Mark, I can't help if you don't tell me what's going on."

"I just learned some very strange and disturbing news."

"Oh, like what?"

"One, my mother is called the Gangbang Queen around town. Two, your son has been fucking my mom."

"So, that's where that little brat is constantly. Was that were he was yesterday, instead of being in class like he's supposed to be?"

"Yes, I just finished watching the video that my mother sent my father."

"Oh, Mark, I'm so, so sorry that you had to find that out about your mother. Tell me where you are, and we'll talk about this just the two of us." Beverley typed out knowing exactly what she was going to do.

"Waiting for the bus on the corner of 5th an Elm."

"Wait there I'll pick you up!"

"Get in, Mark," Beverley said as she pulled up to the curb. "So, your mother is the town slut interesting," she said as she pulled away. "I didn't expect that from Sarah, I thought she was more of the one man kind of woman."

"I know," Mark said somberly wondering how he was going to confront his mother and his friends.

"Well, how would you like to get back at my foolish son?" Beverley asked resting her hand on his upper thigh.

"What do.... you have in mind?" Mark asked as his pulse raced with nervousness.

"Oh, I think you know sweetheart. You were so close to having your dream come true in the library, now I'm going to make it real," Beverley said lustfully cupping his groin. "I'm going to show you such a good time, Mark," she said with a mischievous grin.

"Oh," Mark said his muscles trembled as Beverley failed to slow down her strokes.

"Oh, yes, such delights I have to show you young man," Beverley said biting her lip as she pulled into the Motel Six parking lot. She didn't want her son coming home while Mark was fucking her to sweet oblivion. Plus, with what she had in store for her son, she didn't want him barging into her room and ruin her fun. Taking the key from the receptionist and keeping her excitement hidden, she climbed back into her car. She knew from the brief encounter in the library that Mark was still a virgin.

In her youth, Beverley was once known as the virgin hunter; and if the gift fell into her lap she wasn't about to let go it go to waste. Driving around to the rear side of the motel she wasn't about to have anyone spotting her car; while she give Mark the time of his life. Taking Mark by the hand as he exited her car, she led him towards their motel room knowing where his eyes were lingering. She licked her lips in anticipation while her ass swayed teasing Mark's teenage mind.

"Mark, since you have seen me partially nude. I think it is high time for you to repay the favor don't you think," Beverley said as she sat on the edge of the bed. She crossed her legs feeling her slickness soaking into her panties as she moved. In no time Mark's shirt, shoes, and pants were sent flying across the motel room. "Now remove those briefs young man," Beverley said her hazel eyes smoldering in her unbridled lust.

"Excellent!" Beverley said her tongue flicking against her teeth. "Come here Mark, I want to touch that fat cock," her lips smacked in her arousal. "Here take some photos of us," Beverley said handing him her phone. Beverley's body was on fire with every shutter of the camera as Mark captured every moment of her lips wrapped around his cock. She told him no pictures of his face in them at least not until the end. Where she would ensure that her son would be livid about who was fucking his mother. "Unzip me Mark," Beverley commanded as she stood, feeling his hard, wet cock running down her body as she rose.

"Mmm I can't wait to finally have you in me," Beverley said in a wanton purr. Shimmying out of her dress, tossing her undergarments aside there wasn't a need for foreplay. She knew how wet she was as much as she wanted that tongue of his deep within her hot cunt. His cock held Beverley enthralled. "You never had sex before have you, Mark?"

"No," Mark said shaking his head.

"Good," Beverley said smiling devilishly, pushing Mark backwards onto the bed. "Then you're going to enjoy being deep in the cunt you jacked off to," she said as she crawled between Mark's legs.

"That's a given Beverley," Mark said smirking.

"Well, then get that phone up, and take a picture of your cock as my hungry twat swallows it whole," Beverley said as she lowered herself onto his cock.

"So, I assume you have transferred our pictures to your phone?" Beverley asked as she pulled to a stop in front of his home.

"Yes, I did. So....can we do that again sometime?" Mark asked looking down at his lap.

"Hey, don't you ever look away from a woman. Not after you gave this woman five amazing orgasm," Beverley said sweetly lifting his chin. "So, to answer your question I'll fuck you anywhere, anytime you want sweetheart. How else am I going to have a taste of this lovely cock of yours," she said smiling at him before her lips captured his. She knew someone might see them yet she didn't care. After her years of draught she was going to make sure the man that had given her such pleasures was well taken care of. "Now you know what to do," Beverley said winking at him as Mark exited the car.

"Mark, is that you baby?" Sarah asked as the front door closed behind him. "I've been worried sick when you didn't come home. Why didn't you call me?" she asked as she left the kitchen.

"Was that before or after you fucked all my friends; slut!" Mark sneered as the slap across his face resounded throughout his home.

"Who I fuck is my own damn business!" Sarah yelled at the top of her lungs.

"Oh, so you don't have a fucking care about how your son is used to get a piece of that ass?" Mark asked his voice rising to match his mother's own. Again Mark's head rocketed to the side as his mother's slap stung his burning cheek. "Tell me mother how does it feel knowing how the whole town calls you the Gangbang Queen?" Sarah took a step back in shock that her son knew that name.

"How did you hear that name?" Sarah asked her hand covering her trembling lower lip. She had hoped that her lack of restraint in her sex life wouldn't reach her son's ears.

"Who do you think whore! The man you constantly send your damn videos to! How do you think it makes me feel when I don't know if my only friends like me for me, or because my mother opens her damn legs so easily?" Again Mark felt the sting of her hand. "Oh, just so you know I'm moving in with dad," Mark said pushing past his mother.

Sarah paced her kitchen biting her nails in worry. Her mind raced knowing if she didn't do something she was going to lose her son; or had that point already passed her when she had all five of his friends inside her. Nine o'clock drew near and still her son remained in his room. Not bothering to come down when she asked him to. Her mind nagged at her wondering if he was right that they were only his friend so they could fuck her. No. She knew what she did might have harmed her son, yet that wouldn't deter her from having her fun.

"Ah, so you finally decided to awaken," Sarah cooed as the full moons argentine light filled Mark's bedroom. "So, you think I'm a whore?" she asked her fingers ran along the taut rope that held her son's arms bound above his head. They were secured to the headboard, along with his ankles that were tied to the end of his bed; she had no wish for her son to escape her. She was going to have his virginity willing or not. Little did she know that ship had sailed hours earlier. "Oh, you can't speak, such a poor little thing," Sarah said in a tisk tisk sound. "Well, then there won't be any complaints when I act like a slut as you so called me. Boys!"

Mark's eyes grew wide as all five of his friends filed into his room. Each one of them stood nude supporting raging boners. Each one of them supported a toothy grin.

"Well, then shall we get started?" Sarah asked turning towards the horny teenagers. Mark watch in horror as each one took turns filling his mother's ass, cunt, and mouth with their spunk. The look he saw on his mothers face turned his blood cold. This wasn't the mother he knew and loved, that watched him grow from child to adult. No, the look he saw in her eyes was nothing more than a sexually crazed beast that thought nothing about those it hurt in it's need to satisfy its insatiable hunger.

"Man your mom is the greatest is fuck there is," David moaned as his hot load shot across his mother's back.

"Just give in to her Mark it be easier on you," Chad said trying to draw breath as leaned against the wall.

"Boys' be a dear a fetch a towel I seem to be covered in so much youthful cum," Sarah said relishing in her euphoria. Sarah watched her son as he struggled against his bonds as they wiped down her sweaty body.

"Now my boy it's your turn," she purred as she crawled across his bed. "Mark, I'm going to fuck you. You're going to shoot that hot load you got stored within these balls," Sarah said cradling his sack. "Deep, deep into my cunt baby," she said licking up the back of Mark's cock. "However, first your slutty mother wants to taste this cock," Sarah said peering at him over the head of his cock.

As much as Mark wanted not to be aroused as his mother's hot mouth engulf his cock, the way she sucked on his head drowned out his more rational thoughts. The only thing that ran through his teenage mind was how good his cock felt at that moment. Mark wondered if his mother could taste Beverley's lingering juices on his cock. Once he was home he had taken a shower, yet due to his inexperience he just didn't know if any would remain on his skin.

However, as his mother continued to work his cock it appeared she was none the wiser. That in itself was all the more pleasing. Mark just laid there allowing his mother to think she would be his first. Once the gag was removed from his mouth, he was sure to enjoy the look on her face that someone better had beaten her. As his mother swallowed his rod to the base Mark finally took notice of the movement behind him.

David stood at the end of his bed recording everything his mother did to him. Mark's eyes narrowed at his friend; how he was going to enjoy his reaction when the timer he had set on the e-mail that would send off the photos of his own mother riding his cock.

"David, make sure you get me sucking his cock," Sarah said looking over her shoulder. "I want his father to know how his son has been defiled," she said before returning Mark's cock back to her ravenous mouth. Sarah's lips left the tip of her son's cock in an audible pop, "Now Mark are you ready for your first taste of a pussy fucking this hard tool?" Sarah asked her eyes narrowing as she watched as her son shook his head.

"Don't you want your mother to be your first?" Sarah asked her anger rising as she was meet once again with his refusal. "Well fine, have it your way then," she said in an angry huff as she position her entrance over his rod. "I told you I was going to have your virginity one way or another," Sarah said darkly as she lowered herself onto Mark's cock.

"Oh, yes," Sarah moaned as she felt her son's cock filling up her channel. "God, you feel so good inside me baby," she said slowly starting to move. She hoped that her son would come around, and realize how good fucking his mother could be. "I'm going to ride this cock all night long if I have to," Sarah said bracing herself on his headboard as she worked her hips. "You will fill up my hot pussy with your cum son!" she growled as her face was only inches away from his.

"David, get up here and stuff my ass with your cock. Let's show my son how good double penetration can be," Sarah commanded smacking her ass. Handing his phone off to Chad, David wasn't about to pass up a chance to have sex with the hottest woman in town. "Can't you feel your friends cock in my ass son?" Sarah asked as she felt David's eight inch cock gliding through her ass. "Doesn't it make my pussy feel good tightening around your cock baby?" she asked working her vaginal muscle's when her son wasn't fucking her like she thought he would have.

"David, stop, it seems double penetration isn't going to work," Sarah said with a sneaky smile. Her tongue curled out teasing the tip of Mark's nose. "Steven get up here and double stuff my cunt," she ordered loving how those five boys did as they were told. "Relax Mark, it may feel strange at first but you are going to enjoy this," Sarah said sweetly as Mark once again shook his head.

"Enough of your refusal Mark! You call me a slut and a whore and you won't be bothered to fuck me! You are going to fucking cum in your mother, you will fucking love how this pussy is your very first!"

The smile she saw chilled her to the bone.

"Speak!" Sarah said ripping the silk handkerchief she used as a gag from his mouth. "Tell me what is so damn amusing?!" she asked reaching back stopping Steven. She needed to know and she doubted she would be able to think coherently with two cocks filling her cunt.

"Someone far tighter and less whorish beat you to it," Mark said knowing the timer had run out. A wicked smile graced his lips as David's phone chirped. "Ah, that will the evidence now," he said laughing manically.

"What the fuck!" David said aghast at what he saw.

"What, you think you could get away with fucking your friend's mother and not have it blow back onto you," Mark spat at his former friend. "Oh, how she moaned, and moaned as she came all over my cock!" he said taunting David. "How she drank down every drop of my cum as she begged for more."

"You allowed some woman to take what was rightfully mine!" Sarah growled slapping Mark across the face.

"Yours? It was mine to give to whomever I wanted you fucking slut!" Mark said thrusting his face into his mother's. "If I had known how easy you were I just might have fucked your ass, yet then again I don't exactly know where you have been or who has been in you. Now get the fuck off of me!"

"Fine! You don't want this pussy, then so be it," Sarah growled dangerously. Straddling her son's chest as she stood over him; releasing her hold of all the sperm she had stored in her holes. Smiling cruelly as all five boys' spunk spattered on Mark's chest. "Come on boys let's take this party elsewhere," Sarah said waving for them to leave her son's room. "Maybe a few hours covered in your friends' sperm will make you see that it is better to fuck me then to fight me," she said before leaving her son's room.

Mark struggled against the ropes ignoring the pain as the nylon fibers cut into his skin. He bit his lower lip as he heard his thumb snap as he pulled his wrist through the knot. His fingers worked feverishly on freeing his other hand, as he heard his mother's moans filling the house. He cleaned off his chest with David's discarded shirt as he hunted for clothes that he could escape in. If his mother wanted to be the town slut he wasn't going to stick around to be the butt of everyone's jokes.
He texted his four other friends, telling them 'one down, four more to go'; foretelling of the list of women he had in mind to take his frustration out on.

Days came and went and not a word from his mother. Not that he cared, as what she had done to him would forever stay with him. Mark had texted his other friends mothers telling them what they were doing with his own. When they texted back telling him Beverley had already told them about it, Mark smiled wickedly when they wanted their own teenager fucking their brains out, but not their sons.

How he photo bombed their rooms after he was done satisfying their mothers. Oh, the things his friends called him sent him into a world of delight. Needless to say were avoiding him like the plague. Not that he cared not when he was fucking Beverley everyday in her office.

That was until he got a Facebook notification that his mother and his ex friends were going to the west coast. For what he didn't rightly care anymore. He hadn't stepped foot in his mother's house since that night. If she wanted to be the slut the town knew her as, he wasn't going to stop her; nor was he going to try and talk her out of it.

Then in the middle of his history class he got another notification, saying Beverley and the rest of the mothers were going to be fucking him until their sons returned. Yet as the school year came to a close neither one of them ever returned to that small town.