I have been having sex with my mother for almost a year now. It is still by far the best sex imaginable, there's no question about that. As with any relationship though, the screwing like bunnies phase doesn't last forever. For a while just the thought of us having sex was almost enough to make me cum, but over time it's only natural to want more and more.

My mom and I had reached that stage even though neither of us was willing to admit it. We still had sex whenever we got the chance and it was amazing, we would have been happy to carry on like that for good but if we were willing to settle for what we had instead of always looking for better we would have never hooked up in the first place. My mom was the one who initiated the conversation that would take our sex life to a new level. I was sitting on the couch in the living room with Mom on the adjacent chair; Dad was in his office down the hall so we were on our best behaviour. We were always careful when he was home, a few make out sessions when he was upstairs in bed the most we had done with him present.

"Are you happy Robert?" She inquired. "With us I mean?"

"Of course!" I shot back defensively. "Why?"

I was a little concerned now that she wasn't happy. Our sex rendezvous' had gone from a potentially suspicious minimum of 7 or 8 times a week in the first few months, with Mom often leaving work early or going in late or me doing likewise with college so that we didn't have to leave together and arouse dad's suspicion, to around 4 or 5 times a week at best. We seemed to now be able to be in the same house, in the presence of my Dad, and not be tearing our hair out at being kept off each other.

"No reason," mom continued. "It's just that you know you can sleep with other girls too. I don't want to hold you back or anything."

"I want you mom, you know that. Where is all this coming from?"

"I don't know honey, I guess I'm just concerned that you might be getting bored of me after so long. I noticed we don't do it as often as before."

"No way mom, I love fucking you." I said glancing towards the door to make sure it was still shut. "Besides, wouldn't you be jealous?"

"Not really babe, unless you replace your old mom completely. Of course you would have to tell me all about your adventures...maybe let me watch a couple of times."

"Really?!" I laughed. "Why don't we just have you join in altogether?"

"Hmmm, that's an interesting thought." Mom said getting up and sitting next to me on the couch. "Would you like mommy to share you with another woman?"

"Maybe I would. Why not? I bet you would like to have a couple of young men satisfying your every need, wouldn't you?"

I was surprised by the lustful look that crossed my mom's face. She began stroking my arm and licked her lips.

"Would you be okay with that?" She asked tentatively. "I mean, I never really thought about something like that before..."

I seemed to have released a monster as mom's hands roamed around my chest and down my leg and her excitement grew. I had been joking. After we first started our affair I got jealous when she had sex with dad, even though it was only once every few weeks and much more regular with me, but strangely I found this idea intriguing.

"I guess," I said. "I mean as long as I'm one of the young men!"

"Mmmm, baby I would prefer if it was 3 or 4 of you. I wouldn't be interested if you weren't there."

She began kissing my cheek and nibbling on my ear.

"My God, this is really turning you on isn't it?" I said, not disclosing just how much the idea was turning me on as well.

"Mm hmmm, it kind of is baby! Nothing will ever satisfy me or excite me like sex with you...but variety is the spice of life right? And let's not forget our discussion about involving another woman too."

"How about we toss a coin to see which we try first?"

"Heads for men, tails for women I presume?" She joked sliding off the couch and reaching into my pocket.

She took a little longer than necessary to find a coin. She flipped it high and caught it on her palm. I looked over to see it was heads.

"Well, well." She said unzipping my jeans and quickly pulling out my cock.

"Jesus mom, what are you do....Ooohhh!" I moaned as she quickly engulfed my cock.

She bobbed up and down quickly, ignoring the fact that her husband was right down the hall. The excitement of the conversation, the fact that dad was in the house, and my mother's blowjob skills had me on the brink in a few minutes. She reached a finger up to my lips as I silently unloaded in her mouth.

*****

3 Weeks after our conversation mom arrived home from work on a Monday and crouched beside me at the kitchen table to whisper in my ear.

"Friday, 7pm, Sunset Hotel."

At first I wasn't sure what she was talking about, but it struck me like lightning. Mom had a mischievous grin on her face. She had spent the past few weeks online most nights trying to find acceptable guys for the job. It wasn't easy, there are a lot of shady characters online and it was also difficult for her to convince people that a woman was genuinely looking for no strings attached sex.

"How many?" I asked

"Three including you." She said. "If we like it maybe we can add a few more some other time, but I think that's enough for now."

"Do they know the...situation?" I asked referring obviously to our relationship.

"No, I really wanted to but I felt it was too risky. It's just me looking for 3 young studs." She joked walking out of the room.

*****

The next couple of days past in a blur as I thought about nothing else but Friday night. Now it was finally here. Mom and I hadn't so much as French kissed each other since she confirmed the event on Monday; we hadn't had sex in exactly a week by now either in anticipation.

"Robert, do you want a spin to the bus station honey?" Mom shouted unnecessarily loud to make sure dad heard where I was supposedly going.

I was going to a party at a college friend's house in a town 30 miles away and staying the night. Mom was going to a bridal shower for a work colleague and had said she was planning to come home. I knew better though, we had decided that with the hotel room booked for the night we would make use of it if we had any energy left. She could call dad later and tell him she was after a glass of wine or two and it was safer not to drive.

"Bye dad." I shouted as we headed out the door.

When we got in the car at about 5 pm mom said I would have to give her some time to 'set up'. I asked what exactly she needed to do.

"I have to shower, get dressed...and something else..." She said winking.

I knew I wasn't going to get any more info so I didn't press the matter, but I wondered what she had planned. She stopped the car in the middle of town and told me to go to the room at about ten to seven. She had told the others to be there around quarter to and didn't want me to be the first there.

"Oh, one more thing babe," she said. "Remember, you're the ONLY man for me but I'm going to give these boys all the encouragement and praise I can and try to enjoy myself as much as possible ok?"

"Sure mom." I said. "You know I love hearing you talk dirty anyway."

I jumped out and grabbed a bite to eat before taking a look at DVD's and CD's for an hour or so. Funnily enough it was only now that I had given a thought to the other guys. I had no input in their selection and hadn't thought about them at all. To be honest it had never seemed like more than a fantasy until we actually left the house, and now I was a small bit worried about it.

What if mom had picked two studs that satisfied her better than I could? What if they were both huge? My cock is just less than 8 inches, but I'm sure there are plenty of bigger guys. For the first time I was having reservations. I checked my watch and saw that it was 6.30. I started to walk to the hotel.

I arrived at the hotel right on time and took the elevator. I stopped outside the room and tried to slow my breathing. My heart was beating through my shirt. I heard hushed voices on the other side of the door and knocked gently. My mother opened the door in a black silk robe and winked at me.

"Hi, you must be Robert, nice to meet you," She feigned. "You can call me Janet."

"Hi." I said nervously.

Mom introduced me to the two others standing in the room. Both were no more than 21. They seemed as nervous as me. She introduced them as Steve and Joe. Both seemed like very average guys. I was at least relieved that mom hadn't picked 2 massive muscle bound freaks. I shook their hands awkwardly.

"So, what are you boys waiting for?" Mom said, dropping her robe.

We all turned to face her and our jaws dropped as quickly as the robe. There was no need for me to worry about the other guys knowing I had fucked this woman hundreds of times before if they saw the look on my face at that moment. I had never seen my mother hotter. She was wearing a short pink teddy and black stockings and heels. She pulled the hair bobble out and shook her hair which dropped over her shoulders.

Steve plucked up the courage to step towards her and put his hands on her bountiful chest. I had to remind myself that this was ok and not to stop him. Joe moved behind mom and put his arms around her waist.

Mom pulled Steve closer so her head was over his shoulder and out of sight. She smiled at me and mouthed 'I love you'. I knew she was about to go into slut mode.

"Mmmm, Joe! Do I feel something pressing into my back?"

I moved closer and mom turned to face me, allowing Joe and Steve side access now to her boobs and ass. She pulled me close and kissed me passionately. I held her by the hips, aware of the 4 other hands caressing her. She moaned into my mouth. I looked down and saw that Steve's hand had moved under the flimsy teddy. Mom gasped suddenly as his hand reached her pussy. She pulled the top of her teddy down below her massive tits which sprung out. Joe and I both dropped to our knees and took a tit in our mouths as Steve moved between us to continue fingering her.

"Oh, boys!" She gasped. "Look at these young studs I have all to myself. God I need a cock."

I was so turned on by all this that I didn't want to risk cumming. Instead Joe stood up and fumbled with his pants. I watched out of the corner of my eye as I now worked both of mom's tits. He eventually got his cock out. It was more than 7 inches long and pretty thick, but mine was a bit thicker. I felt a lot more confident now and continued sucking mom's nipples.

She reached out and grabbed Joe's dick and pulled him close. She took a step back and lay down on her side the edge of the bed. Steve's fingers popped out covered in juice. Mom put Joe's dick in her mouth and started sucking. Steve knelt next to the bed and went to work on her boobs.

"Ya, lick my tits Steve. Lick them while I suck Joe's big hard cock."

I climbed on the bed and lifted her leg. I inhaled the familiar sweet smell and reached out and touched her pussy. She was soaking. I licked her gently, causing her to moan loudly. This moaning was driving Joe crazy. I licked harder and faster to see how much they could take. Mom moaned louder and Joe started to whimper. Mom pulled his cock out sensing he was close to cumming. She started to stroke it gently.

"God, Robert! Where did you learn to eat pussy like that? Please don't stop," she

begged. "Steve, gimme another cock."

This awoke him from a tit induced trance and he quickly pulled off his shirt and pants. I paused briefly as his dick emerged. Steve's was as thick as mine but only around 6 inches. Mom shifted into the centre of the bed allowing Joe to climb on to it on one side and Steve on the other. She hungrily took Steve in her mouth and I started to lick her again. She was moaning again as Steve's dick moved in and out of her mouth. She was jerking Joe hard on the other side. She sensed Steve getting close and quickly switched sides taking Joe in her mouth again and jerking Steve. She moved like an expert, her mouth without cock for barely a second.

I stuck two fingers deep inside her and she nearly swallowed Joe's dick. She gagged and pulled it out, before quickly recovering and switching again. Her neck was snapping from side to side now as she alternated, licking the heads of each in turn. Her legs were wrapped around my neck holding me to her sopping cunt. I looked up to see her watching me work my tongue and fingers on her. She was now jacking both cocks.

"Nnngg, oh fuck! Licking me so good. Yes! Yes! Yes!" She moaned. "Look at these big delicious cocks!"

Mom pulled both cocks towards her face. She ran her mouth along each as if she was playing a harmonica. I slammed my fingers into her as I licked at her clit. Before long I could hear her groaning loudly through a mouthful of cock. Her legs released from around my neck and stretched high into the air. Her back arched and she came with her son between her legs and two cocks in her face.

"Ooooohhh Robert! Get up here you great little pussy licker!" Mom cooed.

I pulled off my pants and crawled up the bed and Steve moved out of the way.

"My, look at the size of this dick!" Mom said with an impressive look of surprise.

She quickly sucked my cock into her mouth as she held Joe's in her hand. Steve had crawled between her legs and started licking her.

"Steve baby I appreciate the thought." Mom laughed, "but I need to be fucked."

He didn't need to be told twice. He immediately took his cock and lined it up with mom's slit. She smiled and nodded her head. Steve stuck his dick inside her; mom grabbed my cock tighter as she once again took Joe in her mouth. Steve quickly built up a rhythm and was pounding mom with all he had. He wasn't going to last long. She was sucking me and Joe raw while encouraging Steve.

"Ya babe, oh yes! Keep pounding me! I need this so bad!" She moaned.

Mom took me in her mouth again and quickly reached around my waist and pulled me closer. Her hand moved around my ass, caressing it. Suddenly she slid a finger inside my ass. She had never done anything like this before but it was hot. She continued to finger me as she sucked Joe again. I heard him gasp and guessed she now had a finger on his ass too. My thoughts were interrupted by Steve's moans.

"Oh Janet, I'm gonna...oh I'm gonna cum!" He said.

"Cum in me Steve, fucking cum in me!" She shouted.

I was a little taken aback. We had never talked about any of these issues; I'm not sure what else I had expected her to do though. Steve rammed his dick as deep as he could and unloaded with a grunt. Mom moaned as she felt his warm spunk fill her up. Steve pulled his softening dick out and lay on the bed, looking disappointed to have cum quickly.

"I think you have been teased long enough Joe." Mom said sitting up.

Joe didn't know where to move. He didn't need to as mom turned and pointed her ass towards him.

"Are you gonna leave my pussy empty Joe?" Mom asked.

Joe sprung to life and pulled her as close as he could. He pushed inside her already wet cunt. He moaned like he might cum there and then. Mom demanded my cock and I quickly got on my knees in front of her. She took me in her mouth and urged Joe to fuck her. She was using his thrusts to take my cock as deep as she could. As he pushed, she allowed her mouth to roll down my cock then pushed herself back against him to withdraw it.

"Mmmm, Joe! Yes Joey! God I'm not used to big dicks like these!" She lied convincingly.

It did the trick as Joe started to really pound her. She grabbed my ass and deep throated me. She was gagging as Joe impaled her on my dick with rapid thrusts. Without warning Joe came in mom.

"Oh! Oh Joe sweetie fill me up!" She said taken by surprise.

"I'm...I'm sorry Janet. I didn't mean to..." he started.

"Ssshh, its ok honey. I'm sure you will do better next time." Mom said reassuringly. "I've still got two hard dicks."

I turned to see Steve stroking himself back to erection. I was suddenly pushed onto my back. Mom straddled me and with two loads of cum dribbling out of her, slowly lowered herself on to my throbbing prick. Her pussy was absolutely soaking and my cock slid in easily.

"Ooooohhh! Oh this is the biggest one yet!" She cooed. "God you big boys are spoiling me!"

Mom started to bounce up and down on me. Her pussy was making loud squishing noised as it worked its third cock of the evening. Her boobs bounced wildly above her lowered teddy. I grabbed mom's ass and just tried to enjoy the ride. She was absolutely sex crazed. She loved the attention, but I had noticed neither Joe nor Steve had made her cum yet. She was desperate to cum with a cock in her.

"Oh I love this big hard dick Robert!" She screamed. "God you're so much bigger than my husband!"

I didn't expect her to say something like that and it was all I could do not to cum. I was lying flat with my arms above my head. Mom leaned forward and pinned me to the bed at the wrists. She leaned down and slid her tongue down my throat. She began to drag her pussy along the length of my shaft slowly. She was grinding me and milking me at the same time as we made out. I had never seen her so sexual.

"This is amazing honey, thank you so much!" She whispered in my ear discretely.

As she leaned back Steve approached us dick in hand.

"You ready for more Steve?" Mom asked.

"Yes Janet." He replied. "Please."

Mom took him in her hand once more. She guided him around in front of her, just above me. She was bouncing gently on my dick again as I watched Steve's dick slide in and out of her mouth above me. I grabbed her boobs as she picked up the pace. Her body was soaked in sweat. I could hear her moaning on Steve's dick again.

I began to thrust up into her from underneath. I was pounding her hard now and I knew I wouldn't last much longer. I watched her take Steve's dick as deep as possible. Her hands were around his waist and she was using him for leverage to get up and down my dick. Her breathing was laboured and she was whimpering. I knew she was getting close. She clamped her pussy down on my dick and I heard her gag on cock as she came. I shot my load deep into her pussy. Mom continued to slowly move up and down milking my cock and sucking Steve before eventually coming up for air.

"Fuck! Oh, I came so hard Robert!" She gasped. "God I needed that!"

Even though mom was only after her second orgasm, after taking three loads of cum I wondered if maybe she was after having enough fun for one evening as she crawled off of me. I couldn't have been more mistaken. She immediately beckoned Steve towards her and planted a kiss on him. Funnily enough, although she had allowed two other guys to cum inside her, that kiss made me more jealous.

They explored each other's bodies as I collapsed on the bed to recover. Mom was like a fire-fighter fighting a losing battle. Every time she made one cum there were still two waiting. Joe was hard again now and made his way towards her.

Mom pulled Joe close and kissed him too. Joe pushed her on her back and dropped his head between her legs. Without hesitation he began to lick her cum filled cunt. Mom was taken aback by his proactive attitude. She grabbed his head and held him close. After having to tell them what to do up to now she was clearly turned on by him taking control.

"Ooohh Joe! Lick me you dirty little fucker!" She demanded. "Look at you licking all our juices. Fuck!"

Steve seemed to take confidence from that and started to lick her tits, leaving big gobs of saliva on them and rubbing it in. He then spat on his cock to lube it up. He straddled mom and slid his cock between her tits. Mom took the hint and grabbed her boobs and engulfed his dick with them. Steve began to slowly slide his cock between them as Joe continued licking her. I was already getting turned on again watching mom get used by two young guys. Her legs were high in the air with her stocking covered toes wiggling in pleasure.
I climbed up on the bed standing above Joe whose tongue was flicking over my mother's hard clit and grabbed her feet. I pulled them towards me and as I wasn't hard yet I began to lick her feet through the sheer material. I have never had any particular fetish about feet but I was ravenous for every part of her body there and then.

I couldn't see her face as Steve began to pick up the pace fucking her tits. My cock was coming back to life again. I put it between her feet and used them to wank myself. Mom quickly realised what was going on and took control.

"Oh shit boys! Aaawww! Lick me Joe, lick my clit pleeeaaase!" She murmured. "Ah fuck my tits Steve! Fuck my feet Robert! God my mouth feels empty, ooohhh I wish I had more dick!"

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Steve was slamming his dick between her massive orbs now and grunting loudly. Mom's feet were expertly milking my cock as another orgasm approached her.

"Nnngg, yes! Aaawww yes! Keep...fucking me...boys...OOOOHHH!!"

Joe slid three fingers into her pussy as he licked her. Mom grunted in approval. I pulled my cock free, leaving her feet still jacking air as she was now almost oblivious to what was going on. I moved around her and quickly pushed my dick to her mouth. When it touched her lips she opened her mouth and eagerly sucked it in. The vibrations were amazing as she moaned like crazy. I could see Steve's cock emerging and disappearing through the top of her cleavage rapidly. Joe's head bobbed as he licked and fingered her towards orgasm.

"Oh, getting close," Steve gasped. "Gonna...cum!"

"Mmmm hmmm! Mmmm!!" She moaned with a mouthful of cock.

Her legs were wrapped around Joe's neck and the stronger vibrations told me she was going to cum. Steve's dick pushed through one last time and shot cum on to her neck and chin. She released a series of short loud moans as best she could as she came herself. This caused me to cum too, I pulled out of her mouth and shot my load all over her face. Mom opened her mouth to catch as much as she could.

Mom was panting loudly. She was still a little disoriented by her orgasm when Joe, the only one not to have cum, pushed his dick into the pussy he had been licking. Mom smiled as she stared at the roof. She looked totally out of it, yet she showed no signs of wanting to stop. I was surprised that my cock wasn't getting soft in my hand. It was still pointing out in front of me glistening. Mom saw it to when she started to return to reality.

"Time...for something...different..." She panted between Joe's slow, powerful thrusts. "I want to be double penetrated!"

Now I knew mom was out of control. No matter how much I begged she had never allowed me to fuck her in the ass. She said she had never done it and probably never would. Now she was demanding it. She put a hand on Joe's chest to stop him. She slid back and grabbed lubricant from the bedside locker.

"Robert, lube up my ass sweetie!" She smiled.

She turned and took Joe's dick in her mouth, her ass presented to me. I opened the KY but then changed my mind. I decided there was a better way. I spread her ass cheeks and started to lick her ass. She gasped in surprise as my tongue caressed her small hole. I flicked my tongue around and in and out of her ass, wetting it as best I could. Mom sensed that I might spend a little too long at this and took control and pulled away. She straddled Joe and slid her pussy on to his hard dick.

"Take it easy Robert!" She warned before I even touched her. "Take it slow with that big prick."

I put a generous amount of KY on my cock and rubbed more on and in her ass. I fumbled to line up with her ass I was so nervous. I saw Joe's rod disappear into her as she slowly fucked him. She stopped sliding on him and held her breath.

My cock touched her asshole.

I pushed gently and met resistance. Even with all the lube it was tight. I pushed a bit harder and it suddenly popped in. Mom let out a quick moan of pain. I paused with just the head inside her for a second. When she regained her composure and stopped whimpering I slowly slid deeper. It was so tight I could barely control myself; I wanted to fuck her properly.

I was about halfway in when she went rigid again so I stopped. She slowly lifted herself up and I followed her. She slid down Joe's pole again and I followed her once more. She turned and nodded at me. I pushed my entire length inside her tight little ass as she moaned in a mixture of pleasure and pain. I savoured the feeling of being balls deep in my mother's ass as she had another cock in her pussy.

"Oh! Yes!" She said in a low whisper. "Two dicks. Two BIG fucking dicks inside me!"

I felt a strange sensation and looked down. Joe was slowly fucking mom from beneath and I could almost feel his dick inside her. She began whimpering again as he fucked her gently. I gave her a few seconds to adjust before I started to slide in and out of her ass. We were fucking her as gently as we could to allow her to adjust but it was more than enough for her.

She began to get louder and louder and this encouraged Joe, desperate to cum, to speed up. He began to fuck her quicker and harder and she begged for more. I carried on sliding in and out at my own pace savouring the feeling.

"Faster! Faster boys, yes! Harder!" She screamed.

Suddenly mom released a low grunt as she came yet again. She froze and I knew how she loved to squeeze a dick as she came on top. With the extra stretching from my cock there was no way Joe would be able to hold off. He moaned 'oh fuck' and mom giggled. She pinned him to the bed with her hands as he filled her pussy once again from underneath.

Steve was at the bed ready to take his place.

"More dick!" Mom laughed. "This is insane. Robert lay on your back."

I didn't want to give up her ass to Steve but she was in control. I pulled out and she got off of Joe. I lay down waiting for her to mount me. Instead she backed over me and lined her puckered asshole up with my dick again.

"This thing is gonna rip me a new one," she said. "But it's WAY too good not to sit on!"

Sit on it she did as I watched her ass slide down my glistening pole.

"Steve!" She commanded. "Put that thing in me and gimme all you got big boy!"

He didn't need to be told twice and got on his knees in front of her. He quickly pushed his throbbing dick inside her. Again I could feel another cock inside my mother.

"Fuck me boys! She said. "Please make me cum...make me cum!"

I put my hands on her hips and mom lifted herself off of me slightly to allow me to fuck her. Steve was fucking her cunt hard and fast and I started to pound her ass as best I could.

"God! Oh shit! You're ripping me apart boys! Never. Stop... So. Good!"

We had built up a good rhythm now and the room was filled with mom's moaning and the sound of balls slapping off her as two cocks pounded her mercilessly. Joe climbed on the bed and stood next to mom. She was only too happy to take his hard again prick in her filthy mouth.

"Shit!" Steve moaned. "SO tight!"

"Mmmmm!!!" Mom moaned.

"God she's a filthy slut!" Joe added as she gobbled his cock hungrily.

Mom pulled it out and groaned loudly in delight.

"You boys are never leaving this room! I want you in me always! Ooohh make me cuuummm! I wanna cum!"

She sucked Joe back into her mouth. I was close to cumming again myself as I continued to thrust up her beautiful ass.

"I'm gonna cum in your ass Janet." I said. "Fuck it feels so good!"

Mom cried out in pleasure. We could all sense that she was loving the dirty talk and all inhibitions were gone.

"I'm gonna fill this dirty cunt again!" Steve declared.

"Make me cum Janet!" Joe demanded. "I want you to swallow it all."

She was thrashing about between us as three cocks filled her up. She loved the feeling and was well on her way to another orgasm. She was grunting and groaning like a wild animal as we fucked her hard. She freed her mouth again.

"I'm nearly there boys...Ooohhh! Shit, this is gonna be a big one!" She screamed. "Oooooh, oh, yes. YES! YES! Fill me up! Fill me with cum! I'm..."

Joe stuffed his cock back in her mouth before she could say anymore.

"Suck me Janet, suck me til I cum!" He told her.

"Oh God!" Steve said. "Can't hold...on!"

"Janet! Janet! God I'm gonna squirt in your ass! Yes!" I moaned.

Mom was well over the edge and her whole body spasmed as she came. I felt Steve push deep inside her and knew he was cumming. I pulled her down her hard on my meat, impaling it deep in her asshole. She must have been deepthroating Joe because all she could manage was a choked grunt.

All at once the three of us began filling her with hot sticky goo. I filled my mom's ass with my seed as Steve filled her pussy and she swallowed Joe's cum. She was bucking and moaning as her orgasm refused to subside and she kept on cumming and cumming. I felt like I shot litres into her before I was eventually empty. My mother, cum deposited in three different holes eventually released her grip on her dicks.

"Shit!" She moaned. "That was un-FUCKING-believable."

"Yes." Was all any of us could muster in response.

"Ooooohhh!" She continued. "I'm SO full of cum! Three big young studs fucking me like a toy...and I fucking LOVED IT!"

Everyone was spread out on the bed exhausted. I felt like I could sleep for a week. Mom rolled on to her bed and grabbed her watch. She said that it was time for us to leave. She picked up her robe and tied it at the waist.

"Thanks boys, that was fantastic. I have your numbers; maybe I'll give you a call again sometime." Mom said as we dressed.

She gave all three of us a quick kiss and walked to the bathroom and shut the door. The three of us dressed and left the room. We walked to the lobby, went outside and went our separate ways. I wandered around the block for 10 minutes to be safe before heading back to the hotel. I rapped on the door gently and mom opened it in her robe again, fresh from the shower.

She pulled me in the door and wrapped her arms around me. She kissed me as if she hadn't seen me in years.

"Thank you, thank you, thank you!" She laughed. "That was fun!"

I agreed as she led me to the bed and sat me on it.

"Remember I had to 'set up' earlier?" She quizzed.

"Ya." I answered, intrigued.

"Well thank God none of you noticed my little accessory..."

With that she pressed a button on the remote and the TV flicked on. There was a picture of a woman surrounded by 3 men. I noticed a lead connected to the TV which led to a pile of clothes on a dresser next to it. There was a video camera peeking out from them. I was watching a video of what we had just done. Mom stood in front of me and dropped her robe, she was naked underneath.

"Let's watch..." She said