My name's Tom and I'm 19. I go to school in Michigan but went home to visit my parents during the summer. I also have two brothers, John 21, and Tim 20. Before I begin this story, I'll tell you a little bit about my mom. She is your stereotypical milf, 46 years old, 5'9", blonde, D cup titties, and a nice ass. She has been single ever since my dad left us for a hotter secretary 3 years ago. That being said, there is an obvious lack of outside dick to provide her in the house.

One day I decided to go see my old friends from high school as I haven't been able to see them in a while. After spending a few hours with them I get a text from my mom saying, "get dinner yourself tonight, im busy!"

Alright I thought, no big deal. I spent a few more hours with my friends and finally decided to drive home. As I pull up into the drive way, I notice several cars in front of our house that I don't recognize. However, I didn't think too much about and walked towards the door. As I was about to open the door, I hear moaning coming from inside. What the hell is going on? I opened the door and what I saw could have never been imagined by me in a million years. Well, to be honest I might have actually fantasized about this more than once.

I see a dozen or so naked black guys around a table moved to the center of the living rooms. Through a gap between the bodies I see my beautiful, sweet mom getting the life pounded out of her. There was a dick in her ass, her pussy, her mouth, and one in each hand. Not only that, she was chained to the furniture. I stared in disbelief in what was happening. My mom was getting gangbanged! I stood there just watching, and since everyone was so transfixed on what was happening they didn't notice me. I decided to take advantage of this situation and pull out my dick. I started stroking it to the screams and moans mom made. I was finally made by one of them and they called me out. Everyone stopped what they are doing and looked at me.

"TOM? WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" Mom yelled at me while holding a cock in her right hand.

"EVERYBODY OUT!" Mom said as she took one last suck from that black cock. Everybody began to disperse while mom remained shackled to the furniture.

The destruction they brought upon my mom was evident, as her asshole and pussy remain gaped.

I yelled, "EVERYONE COME BACK, WE AIN'T DONE YET!"

"What the hell are you doing?" Asked mom.

"Well why dont you tell me mom? You better get those guys back here and finish this or else the whole neighborhood and your boss is going to know about this within the next few days." I shot back.

No response came from her as she looked at me in shock.

"Going once, going twice..." I said.

"OKAY FINE." She finally agreed.

"There is one condition you will have to add in order to finish." I replied.

"What?"

"I want two dicks in your ass, at all times."

"NO! HOW AM I GONNA FIT TWO OF THOSE MONSTERS IN MY ASSHOLE AT THE SAME TIME?"

"Well you better figure it out." I said.

"You two, put it in my ass." Mom said angrily.

Everyone else began getting back into their original spots and began getting serviced by mom. This went on for another hour or so until I felt like everyone needed to bust a nut. I unshackled mom and made her go on all fours with her ass in the air.

"I want everyone to unload in her ass, try not to spill any." I said.

They all obliged happily and got to work. This took around 5 minutes as the last of them pumped all their cum deep into her ass. I grabbed a cup from the kitchen and placed it underneath her asshole.

"Lean back mom." I ordered.

She tilted back slowly and all of the cum poured out of her ass, with several bubbly gurgles occasionally. All of the cum nearly filled the cup and I scooped out any remaining from her asshole.

"Look at me in the eyes and drink this." I said.

She took the cup and stared at me as she slowly drank it.

"Alright boys back to work, round 2." I said.

"WHAT?" Mom said.

"Excuse me?"

"S-sorry." Mom apologized.

"Thats what I thought." I said.

The fucking went on for another hour. At one point, Mom began squirting just from getting fucked in the ass. 'What a whore,' I thought.

"Alright I want you guys to bust a load anywhere on her body whenever you feel like it. After that you can go home, be sure to tell more of your friends she will still be here the rest of the night."

It didnt take long for everyone to bust a nut and cover her whole body with cum. These people left mom an exhausted mess. After the last person drove away, I took the chain and locked her up.

"What are you doing?"

"You heard what I told them earlier, more's coming."

"You cant do this, i need to shower!"

"Oh yes i can."

I stepped back and looked at mom. What a sight. She was nearly covered from head to toe with cum and both of her holes were gaped.

I mounted the furniture and stuck my dick in her ass. Holy shit this is loose I thought.

"You cant do this I'm your mom!" She pleaded.

"Should've thought about that before you fucked all these people in front of me."

Theres room in here for both my dick and my fist. It was pleasurable nevertheless, being able to fuck the ass of someone who gave birth to you. It didnt take me long to bust and i shoved my member deep inside her as I came.

"Sit on my face, don't you dare spill a drop."

She placed her asshole on my face and I opened my mouth eagerly, taking in my sweet juice.

I got up and began to ran my tongue all over her body, starting from my mom's tits and moving down towards her pussy. I lifted her legs up and cleaned out her pussy and her gaping ass with my mouth, taking in every last drop of cum.

I stood up and hugged my mom, the sticky cum and her big soft breasts rubbing against my body was arousing.

"From now on you will remain naked in the house at all times unless a guest is coming over. You will do an enema and clean your shit hole every single morning when you wake up. Anytime that Tim and I feel horny, you will be there to help us. We will fuck your ass whenever we want and wherever we want. Nothing on your body is off limits. Do you understand?"

"yes."

The door opened and Tim and John walked in.

"What the fuck is this?"