My son's soccer team made it to the regional finals in the college freshman group. The championship game was to be held in a college stadium about a hundred miles away from home so Leslie Brown and I agreed to go along as chaperones. Leslie is Tim's mom. Tim is the first string goalie. My son, Frank is his best friend and the boys are both eighteen. Eight boys were going to the game. The game was going to be the last one of the event so it would not get over till probably about ten PM. We agreed to spend the night and return home the next morning. I located a motel near the campus that had rooms available and booked five double rooms.

The game was close and went overtime but we won with a score of 3 to 2. The celebration went on for about a half hour after the game ended. Then we packed into the cars and went to a fast food hamburger restaurant for supper. The families of two of the boys had come to the game and they decided to ride home together. I called the motel and they said that they had someone waiting on standby hoping to get a room so they allowed us to cancel one room. That was nice of them. After burgers, fries and milkshakes it was off to the motel for a night's sleep and then the trip home. We checked in and found our rooms. The boys begged us for more to eat. Finally we gave in and I agreed to go on the food run. It was decided by vote that we would get pizza. Off I went to get it.

It took me a little while to find a pizza place and then they had to cook it and I was not first in line so it was almost an hour later before I got back to the motel. I had called Leslie and told her that I was on my way and that she should get all the boys together in our room. I walked up to the door carrying three pizza boxes. I knocked but no-one opened the door. Finally I juggled the boxes and got out my key. As I walked in I got the shock of my life and almost dropped the pizzas.

Leslie and all the boys were naked. Leslie was on her knees with my son's cock in her mouth and her hands were jerking the hard pricks of her son and one of the other boys. The others stood around and were watching. I stood there in shock and finally managed to ask, "What the hell is going on?"

Ted came over and took the pizzas. Leslie took her mouth off of Frank's cock long enough to tell me to relax and take off my clothes. "We are celebrating. Get naked Joyce and join the fun." Then she turned back to my son and slipped her lips over his pecker again. He put his hand behind her head and pulled her to him. Most of his very adult six inches disappeared into her mouth. I had not seen my son naked for several years. He was not a little boy any more he was a very handsome young man and he had a man's equipment. He was easily as big as his father.

Ted put the pizzas on the table and then reached for the buttons on my blouse. I grabbed his wrists and held him away. Tim took his mother's hand off of his shaft and he walked over. He gently pushed Ted away and said, "I want her first. After all, my mom is sucking off her son so it only seems fair." He kissed me and grabbed one of my tits at the same time. I felt a sexual tingle between my legs but I still tried to push him away. I was still watching Leslie giving my little boy a blowjob and now he had his fingers entwined in her hair and was fucking his cock into her mouth as she sucked him. I didn't fight as hard as I should have and soon my blouse was fully open and my bra was pulled up exposing my still firm 34-C breasts. My nipples were erect and Ted bent over and took one of them between his lips and sucked like a nursing baby.

At the same time one of the other boys, I did not see which one, came behind me and finished removing my blouse and bra. Then he came around front and took my other nipple in his mouth. At the same time his hand went down and slipped inside my pants and he rubbed a finger between my pussy lips. It was Ron, the oldest boy. He was almost nineteen.

I closed my eyes and tried not to think about what was happening to me but my body was giving me up to it. My nipples were rock hard and my pussy was starting to drip down my leg. Ted nodded to Ron and he pulled my pants and panties down to the floor and then went over to Leslie. Now she had three boys again. Ted had me and Billy, who had just turned eighteen, was sitting alone over on the bed. Ted took me by the hand and led me to one of the beds. Stepping out of my pants I followed him like I was in a trance. When we got to the bed he gently pushed me and I fell back onto my back, naked in front of the teenage son of my friend who was also in the room sucking my son off. "How could this be happening," I thought.

Ted got on the bed between my legs and lifted them up and apart. He dropped his head between my open legs. Leslie stopped for a second to say, "Relax and enjoy yourself. Ted is a superb pussy eater and Frank may have the best tasting cum in the world."

I looked at her, "This isn't the first time you ...?"

She cut me off, "Fuck no, I have lost count of how many times those two have double teamed me in the last several months."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. While I was distracted, Ted pushed his tongue between my pussy lips. When his tongue made contact with my clit I moaned and jumped like I had stuck my finger in a light socket. My husband does not like giving me oral sex although he loves having me suck his cock.

Leslie was right; Ted was a real talent at eating a woman. He had me coming in just a few minutes. I was loudly moaning and rolling my head back and forth. My hips thrust up against Ted's face and without thinking I heard myself loudly say, "Oh fuck yes. Eat me Ted. Eat my slut cunt." Just then a hand held my head still and the tip of a cock pressed against my lips. I obediently opened my mouth and it slipped in till it touched the back of my mouth and made me gag. I had never had sex with two men at the same time before but I knew I wanted it to happen now. I looked up. It was Sam, the second oldest. I locked my lips tightly around his shaft and he started slowly fucking my mouth.

Ted brought me to one more screaming orgasm. Sam knew what to do. As I came hard he gave a harder push and his prick slid into my throat. This was another first for me. Now that he could pump his cock into my throat it did not take him another minute to blow his load. He held me tight to his groin as his prick swelled and he shot his fluids down my throat. I felt his cock pulsing in my throat but I never tasted his cum as it went down my throat. When he finally pulled out I realized that Ted was no longer eating me. Now he was up on his knees with his cock fully in my cunt pounding me hard and fast like a mad man. I was having orgasm after orgasm. I had never felt like such a sexual woman in my life.

Shortly after Sam moved away I felt another cock touch my lips. I started to open my mouth when I looked up and saw that it was my son, Frank. "No Frank, not with you. You're my son, I can't." I kept my mouth shut tight but he kept rubbing his manhood across my lips.

I started to tell him no again but as I opened my mouth to speak, he pushed into my mouth. "Suck it. Suck my cock, Mom." That was it, he was incessant. I gave in. I was sucking my own son's cock and he was fucking my mouth. I looked over and saw Leslie. She was on her knees and elbows with Ron fucking her doggie style and Richard deep in her mouth. Her huge tits hung down and flopped back and forth as Ron slammed into her. Leslie was short and heavy. Her tits must have been 38-D's and they swung around as she was fucked. I did not even think about what hole Ron was in till I heard her telling him to fuck her ass as deep as he could.

I relaxed and enjoyed what I was getting, Ted fucking my cunt and Frank in my mouth. As I was enjoying these feelings and building to another orgasm I watched Leslie getting her ass and mouth fucked. I heard Ron say, "Let's switch." He and Richard both pulled out and moved around, switching places. It was hard to believe that Leslie took Ron's cock straight into her mouth right after he had been fucking her in the ass but she did it without hesitation. Richard came. Cum dripped out of the corners of Leslie's mouth and hung from her chin like cumcicles.

When he lay back on the bed, she looked at me, "The best thing about young guys is that they can keep at it all night. Just minutes after they blast a big load into you they can get it up again and start all over."

Leslie looked over and spotted Billy. He was sitting in a chair in the corner of the room. His thin five inch tool was hard and in his hand but he had not joined in on the action. "Billy, why are you over there when you have two hot MILFS over here that you could be fucking?"

"I've never done it and I'm worried that I might do it wrong." She told Ron to take a break and she got up and went over to Billy. She kneeled down next to him.

"Don't worry Billy. It comes naturally. Just try it and you will be good at it, I'm sure. She replaced his hand with hers and stroked him gently. Billy jumped and moaned. Then she leaned forward and licked the tip of it. Billy moaned louder. Leslie took all of Billy's smaller prick in her mouth and sucked hard on it. Billy started to move and fuck her face. It wasn't thirty seconds before he squirted his cum in her mouth. Leslie swallowed and told him how good he tasted. Billy smiled. Billy had come but he did not go soft. Leslie took him by the hand and took him to the bed. She got on her back and placed him between her legs. She held his pecker and guided it to her fuck hole. "Push it in all the way and then move it in and out. It will come naturally." She was right it did come naturally and Billy fucked his first woman. This time he lasted all of two minutes before adding his hot sauce to what she already had in her. She kissed him on the forehead. "That was great Billy. Thank you." He had a big smile on his face.

It went on for another hour or more and everyone had fucked or been sucked off both Leslie and Joyce at least twice. That is except Frank was not able to get me to let him fuck my pussy. He did come in my mouth and he did fuck all three of Leslie's holes. Finally it was time to get a few hours of sleep. The two younger boys went to one room. Ted and Frank went with Leslie and Ron and Richard stayed with me. We pushed the beds together and stayed naked as we cuddled and fell asleep.

Shortly after dawn I woke up, lying on my side with a boy on either side of me. Ron started sucking on my tit. I opened my eyes and smiled at him and gave him a kiss. Then I felt a hand behind me slide between my legs and lift my upper leg. I helped and lifted my leg. A cock slid between my legs and found my fuck hole and pushed in. I rolled flat onto my stomach without the cock coming out as he rolled with me. I was slowly, gently and deeply fucked in this position for several minutes before I felt his cock swell and pulse as it shot a big load of sperm into me. He leaned forward and kissed my neck. "Good morning Mommy." I was momentarily shocked but neither of us moved. Frank and Richard had traded places and I had gotten a wonderful fuck from my son. We lay there for several minutes, still and with my son' softening prick buried in my cum filled pussy. Finally we got up and the three of us showered together and we headed for home. My husband, Jerry was happy to see us and hear about the team winning but he would never hear about the rest of the evening or how my life changed after that soccer game.