

The room became filled with the vulgar sound of my mother sucking and slurping on my cock. I could see her saliva glistening off my erection whenever her head pulled back, only for her head to push forward again to suck it all with up with her vacuum like mouth. And with every bob of her head, her lips would go just a little bit deeper, taking me further inside of her mouth.

Before I knew it, my mother had fully deep throated me with her lips nearly touching my crotch, taking in all of my cock inside her mouth. She looked up at me and moaned the words, 'ta da,' as if to show off her exceptional talent in sucking cock.

Her mouth started inching its way back after deepthroating me. But where her lips once were, she covered with her hand and began jerking me off at the same time; giving me the pleasure of both her mouth and her fingers.

"Mom...I'm about to cum..." I warned.

For better or worse, my mother ignored my warning and kept at it. If anything, it only seemed to embolden her as she began to stroke and suck harder. The pleasure I was receiving reached its inevitable climax and I shot a huge load of cum inside my mother's mouth. I continued ejaculating with every stroke my mother gave me, and all of it was sent straight to her stomach with her tight lips concealing everything combined with her mouth's powerful suction.

It took every ounce of strength I had to keep from falling over while I came. And when I finished and became flaccid again, my mother made sure to suck EVERY last drop of cum before releasing her lips and using the back of her hand to wipe her mouth.

"You taste just like your father," she said casually, looking up at me while still on her knees.

"God mom...that was fucking incredible," I gasped.

She stood up and winked at me while we were face-to-face. "I'm glad you liked it. And you can consider us even now. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm in the mood for hot bath. That was my workout for the day. We'll continue our next session tomorrow."

***

My eyes were glued to my mother's legs throughout our workout. After all, she wore a new pair of spandex shorts for women which hugged her thighs perfectly. And the day's workout consisted of a long warm up & cardio routine on the exercise bike, followed by a few sets of weighted squats.

"Your mind seems so preoccupied," my mother teased, already knowing what was on my mind. "Is something bothering you?"

"I think you know..." I replied with a smile. "And I know how you don't like me bringing this stuff up, but since you asked, I just wanted to tell you how much I've thought about what you did for me yesterday. That really was amazing."

She smiled back at me. "Thank you. And for the record, that made my night even more special than I had anticipated."
"Really? How?"

"Well, your father was very impressed with how I looked in the lingerie outfit, and with the different poses I did. I told him how it was all thanks to you, and it began to peak his interest about how we've been spending some of our afternoons together. I eventually told him about the other day where I noticed you looking at my body, and how I showed you the goods for all your troubles. You should have seen his face."

"Was he mad?" I asked.

"No," she replied. "In fact, he was the opposite of being mad; his eyes lit up in a way I haven't seen for a very long time. I continued telling him about how I modeled a sexy outfit for you, and how you became aroused...and...I may have let it slip that I ended up giving you a blowjob afterwards. At that point, he was as hard as a rock."

Could it be? I was shocked, and in a good way.

"I never would have thought that dad would be interested in such a thing."

"He was more than just interested. He made me tell him every juicy detail about what I did to you with my mouth and hand. And afterwards, I even let him nurse from me before we made passionate love. I'd say he has a serious incest fetish."

"He nursed from you? As in..."

Mom nodded. "He sucked on my nipples and drank my milk. It's a fetish that many adults have."

"That sounds really hot- especially with someone like you."

My mother giggled as she held back her laughter. "You two are so much alike. It's adorable."

"No one can resist you, mom."

She winked and pinched me on the cheek. "Come on, help me finish with stretching, then I need a shower. Maybe you can join me and we'll give your father even more erotic stories to think about."

The look in her eyes showed that she was interested in more than just a shower. And her nipples seemingly poked through the thin material of her top.

***

I followed my mother up the stairs and we headed towards the main bathroom.

Once there, she raised her arms and asked, "Care to do the honors?"

"I'd love to," I replied, as I pulled the sports bra over her head, leaving her topless.

She bent down and did the rest, pulling off her tight spandex shorts and panties, and stood completely naked before me. I was mesmerized by the sight of her mature figure. Her body looked perfectly proportioned, with the right amount of muscle tone, yet maintaining much of her feminine curves which made her look womanly. Seeing her entire midsection bare for the first time was also a real treat. Her hips and thighs were fairly thick, and her crotch was cleanly shaven, with a nice bikini tan line to it.

"You look gorgeous mom," I told her honestly.

"Thanks. Now it's your turn to get undressed. I refuse to be the only one standing here naked."

With that said, she wasted no time in pulling off my t-shirt, and stripping my shorts and underwear away from my body. Sure, it felt awkward standing naked in front of my mother, but at the same time, to say that it was 'worth it' is a massive understatement.

Her eyes looked me over the same way that I had done to her. And once she saw what she wanted to see, she pulled me in the shower for us to continue our acts of incest.

"You can start by cleaning my backside," she said as she handed me a bar of soap.

I took the soap in my hand and began rubbing it on her upper back while she washed her hair with shampoo. My fingers brushed up against her skin as I soaped her sculpted body. Inch by inch I made my way down towards her voluptuous rear end, and I was more than happy to wash that for her as well.

Once she washed off the shampoo from her hair, she turned around to wash the soap from her back, and she gave me simple look, telling me that it was okay to wash the front part of her body.

"Like what you see?" my mother asked with a sly look on her face.

"Of course I do," I told her. "I love your breasts mom, especially those nipples of yours. They're perfect."

"Thank you," she smiled. "I guess that's one of the extra benefits of pregnancy. Now start cleaning."

I started at the top of her chest, pressing the bar of soap against her. And as I made my way down, I was able to feel her milk filled breasts against my fingers. They were soft and luscious. And it was an erotic sight seeing them jiggle with every movement. Then as I pressed my hand a bit harder against the side of her left breast, milk leaked from her swollen nipple, giving me a real eye-full to look at.

"Looks like you've found something else you like," my mother said teasingly.

"What can I say? I've never seen that happen before."

"Do you like it?" she asked, knowing the answer.

"It's sexy."

She smiled. "Well, boobs have more significance than just being sex objects. You used to feed from them remember? A mother's milk helps sustain life. And if you're interested in doing it again, at this point, I wouldn't mind."

"Are you sure?"

"Why not? I've already sucked your cock and tasted you. You might as well drink milk from my nipples."

"In that case, I hope you have enough milk," I said jokingly.

"Hold on a second..."

My mother then rinsed the soap off her body, turned off the shower, and stepped out of the tub to dry herself with a towel. When she was done with her quick rub down, she handed me another towel and I did the same thing.

She used both hands to lift her breasts, as if to model them for me. "Okay, they're all yours now."

I struggled against my natural urges to just bury my face in between my mother's round breasts. Instead, I simply took them in my hands and played with them, massaging them. They felt soft and firm. And when I squeezed them a little harder, my eyes widened at the sight of milk leaking through her long brown nipples.

"Don't be afraid, it's perfectly natural," she said. "I promise it's healthy and it tastes great."

At my mother's insistence, I bent down to lick the milk which leaked from her tit. It tasted surprisingly sweet, and I drank even more by taking her large nipple inside my mouth and began sucking on it and rolling it around in my mouth. She let out a small gasp and rubbed the back of my head to show her approval from my breastfeeding of her.

I sucked and pulled each nipple with my mouth. Each time, she made a small noise which expressed her arousal. More milk came out as I sucked and squeezed her breasts, and I gulped everything down with joy.

"That feels nice..." she whispered.

"Can I ask you something?" I asked my mother after taking her nipple out of my mouth.

"You can ask me whatever you want."

"Do you enjoy having me do this? I mean, are you doing this just to get dad aroused?"

A look of warmth came over my mother's face. "You two are the most important men in my life, and I love you both very much. And if it takes a little bit of incest to keep you both happy, then so be it. Besides, I have needs like anyone else. What woman wouldn't want two men servicing her under the same household?"

I kissed her nipple. "Now there's an interesting way of looking at things."

"Well, now that we've gotten that out of the way, do you like anal sex?" my mother asked bluntly with an eyebrow raised.

"I love it. And I really hope you aren't just being a tease here because I couldn't take my eyes off your ass while we were in the shower."

"You know that I would never do something so cruel as to tease you like that," she replied playfully. "Now let's head over to the bedroom and you can show me how much you love me."

***

She took my hand and led me to the bedroom.

Once we stood near her bed, she immediately dropped down to her knees and began sucking my cock with as much zeal and enthusiasm as you would see in a porn movie- only she wasn't a porn actress, she was my own mother!

After bobbing her head several times on my manhood, she was able to get me fully erect and then she stopped.

"Now that I've got you nice and hard, I'm sure you know what to do next," she said.

My mother climbed onto the bed and got on all fours, and then she put her head down so that her ass was sticking straight up at me. It was a thrill seeing the bottom of her thighs so bare. Her calves and feet were flat on the bed. And those thick, open butt cheeks just looked delicious.

Her little brown anus looked incredibly inviting, and I didn't dare waste another second before leaning forward to kiss the soft flesh of her rear end. I took another look at her tight little hole and spread it apart with my fingers. I gave it a long kiss, planting my lips on her most intimate of areas, before sticking my tongue out to begin licking it.

She trembled and gasped a little while I was using my tongue on her asshole. And that only emboldened me to go even further, pushing my tongue through the small opening of her anus and inside her rectum. She let out an immediate yelp the moment I entered her tiny opening. I then moved my tongue around in her rectum, probing her, and tasting her as far as I could go. I even felt her legs start to shiver as I held onto them.

"Just like that," she moaned. "Keep going in circles."

At that point, I knew I could have brought her to an orgasm with only a few more minutes. But why stop there? We both obviously wanted more.

So I stood up and positioned myself behind my mother's shapely rear end. Both of our sexual areas were already coated with ample amounts of our wet saliva, and I gently pressed the head of raging hard-on against the entrance of her anus. Despite her ass pointing straight up in the air, entering her tight hole was no easy feat. And she knew this and reached back with both hands to spread her cheeks apart for me.

"Now try it," she said, holding herself open. "I'm small back there, but that's what makes it feel so good for me."

My mother released an audible gasp once I pushed harder and my cock entered her from behind. Her body trembled slightly and she put her hands back on bed sheet, clenching it with her full grip. Her anus felt incredibly tight, and she only felt tighter once I pushed my way down her rectal canal. And the further I went, the more I could feel my mother's body start to adjust, and the most pleasure we felt.

It was only a matter of time before I went all the way in. My crotch was pressed against her toned rear end, and my throbbing erection was buried deep inside her rectum. I could feel the walls of her anus being stretched and forced to adjust to this act of sex. And soon, my strong-willed and respectable mother gave in to the pleasures of her anus being fucked, as I slowly began to make my way in and out of her body.

"Does it hurt?" I asked, holding my cock still.

"No, no. Let me worry about that. I'll tell if you if it does. Go ahead, fuck me already."

For the first time in my life, I heard real depravity in mom's voice. She was horny and aroused. She needed to be fucked in the ass. And it had become my responsibility to give it to her. So I rocked my hips and fucked her hole faster.

Her gasps and moans became louder and louder with every thrust. With my hands wrapped tightly on her hips, and her rectum loosening up, I was able to fuck my mother anally as hard as her body would allow. It felt unbelievable. And after several minutes of having sex with her, my mother wanted more.

"Reach ... down..." she panted, with her face buried into the bed sheet. "Play with my clit... oh fuck ... I'm close to cumming!"

I did what she asked, touching that wet pussy of hers and playing with her clitoris, rubbing it in fast circles.

Soon, her moans and verbal sounds bordered on becoming screams. A stream of fluids rushed through my fingers from her vagina as she was having an orgasm. Her body became tense and the muscles in the lower half of her body clenched tightly, which was more than enough for me to have a powerful orgasm of my own.

"Cum inside me! Cum inside me!" my mother shouted while I shot load after load of cum inside her rectum.

Soon, we both went limp after reaching an incredible climax. I laid beside her body and we were both breathing heavily. She was face down, and I got to feel (and examine) the muscle tone of her back and ass. It was a sight to behold, especially as she breathed heavily, causing her back to heave up and down.

"That was the best thing I've ever felt in my life," I said to my mother.

When she had the energy, she turned over to lie on her back, and she pulled me down to kiss her on the mouth for a brief moment.

"You know," she said between kisses. "If I had known that having sex with my own son was that much fun, I would have done it earlier. You were terrific."

"Beats lifting weights and doing cardio, doesn't it?" I joked. "I only wish I had the courage to recommend this earlier."

She smiled. "Well, I think we've found the latest addition to my fitness routine. We'll start off with a warm up, workout, and then we'll come back to the bedroom and fuck. Perfect for a cool down, and it provides additional cardio."

"Exactly."

"And don't forget the post-workout nutrition."

There was a lustful expression in her eyes, along with a slight grin which had formed on her lips.

While laying on her side, she lifted one of her breasts and brought it to her mouth, sucking on her large brown nipple. She looked me in the eyes as she sucked on herself. Her hand squeezed her breast as her mouth sucked, and instantly, she was drinking her own breast milk. Her cheeks caved in with every suck.

When she unlatched her lips from her nipple, there was milk on her tit, and around her mouth, and she smiled.

"Your turn," she offered, with her lips still wet with milk.

She sat up on the bed, moving nearer to me, and held out her other tit. The nipple was rock hard and begging to be sucked, so I bent forward and sucked on it. I did the same thing she did, sucking hard, and using my hand to squeeze on it. Milk entered my mouth and I drank it.

"Like I said," she moaned, enjoying the breastfeeding experience. "It's perfect for our post-workout nutrition. Healthy in every way."

No one could argue with that.