My Hot Mom
byThe_Unicorn©
From the Author:

All the characters in this story are fictional and do not intentionally represent any persons living or dead. All characters in this story, though fictional, are at least 18 years old.

The incest/taboo categorization of this story refers to a mother/son relationship. If this is offensive to you, please do not read it, rate it, or comment on it.

Please rate and comment, but only if you have read the whole story. I enjoy reading what people think of my stories. Also, if you have a question or rational constructive feedback, I will respond to you in the comments section, so check back for that.

* * *

"Mom?" I called out as I came downstairs.

She was nowhere to be seen. My dad had left for work and I knew Mom had not. Still, she had not been upstairs and, it was clear, she was not downstairs either. Though I had been away from home for a couple years to attend college, I had returned to spend the summer at home, and, having been back for a couple weeks, I felt sure that I understood their schedule.

Walking through the living room and kitchen, I glanced out the sliding glass door to make sure she wasn't taking a swim in the backyard pool. That's when I saw her in her swimsuit, standing by the pool.

She was breathtakingly beautiful. Wearing a very small bright yellow neon bikini that barely contained her big breasts and scarcely concealed her crotch from my eyes, I could see most of her beautifully flawless tanned skin. At five-four and one-fifteen Mom looked closer to twenty than her actual age of forty. Her hair, long and black, billowed down her back as she stepped away from the chaise where she had left her towel.

Unbidden, blood rushed to fill out my cock inside my shorts.

Seeing me at the door, she flashed me a smile; she was very pretty. Though her face was long, and her nose was a bit too big. She had a strong chin, sexy full lips, and pretty big brown eyes. Her black hair framed her features well. Her smile was beautiful.

It was her beauty that, despite her height and age, had landed her some great modelling gigs, and even more acting gigs, in recent years.

I waved at her, hoping that, because of the myriad reflections that were surely obscuring most of my body through the glass, she couldn't see the expression on my face or the growing bulge in my pants.

As she turned toward the pool, my eyes were drawn to her full round butt as the yellow bikini contrasted sharply with the tanned skin of her back and legs. She was firm and svelte as she approached the edge of the pool.

As she dove in and disappeared beneath the waves she created, I found that my mouth had grown dry, my heart pounding in my chest, and my cock was fully erect inside my shorts. I scolded myself as a pervert for lusting after my own mother, but it did no good. I knew she had no idea of the effect she had on me, because, if she had, I knew I would be out on my ass.

By the time she returned to the near side of the pool, I was gone, retreating upstairs to my room, which was actually the guest room since they had remodeled my old room into a photo studio in my absence. Dad was a photographer and Mom a model/actress, so they were always taking photos. I wanted to stroke my cock at the thought of my mom's sexy body but decided that it would only make me feel worse, so I refrained and tried to distract myself with other things until it was time for me to head off to work.

* * *

I had found a job as a waiter at a local restaurant. It was temporary, just for the summer; five days a week from noon to eight.

So, when I got home, the sun had set, Mom and Dad had already eaten, and they were sitting on the couch watching television.

"Welcome home, Steve," my mother greeted me.

As I glanced at her I saw that she wore a lace-trimmed pink nightie that consisted of spaghetti straps over each tanned shoulder, a plunging neckline that revealed her smooth chest and deep cleavage. The satin one-piece covered her tits, firm stomach, and hips, but ended abruptly, leaving her firm tanned legs bare. Her panties were not visible as she sat on the couch with her legs crossed.

I tried not to let the lust show in my voice as I replied, "Hey Mom".

"Well, it's about damn time!" Dad exclaimed.

"He works till eight," Mom softly informed him.

"Oh, well, the trash needs to be taken out," he instructed.

I knew better than to protest, despite my age. Dad was not one to be questioned unless you wanted to be slapped across the face, or worse. I headed toward the kitchen to take out the trash. I hauled the bags out the side door, put them in the can, and rolled it out to the street.

When I got back into the house, I found Mom in the kitchen and the television blaring noise from the living room. She was sitting at the table and gestured that I should sit beside her. When I did, she said, "You look very handsome in your work uniform."

I smiled at that.

"I always loved a man in uniform," she mused. Then she shook her head and said, "Anyway, it's going to be so nice having you home for the summer. I realize it's not going to be like old times because you've really grown up in the last two years."

I nodded at that. I felt like I had been a kid compared to whom I had become.

She looked seriously at me and said, "I want us to be close as adults; instead of adult and child; more like friends... or something."

I liked the sound of that. "You really think I've changed that much?" I asked.

"Yeah, you have really turned into a man. I hardly recognized you," she laughed.

I laughed with her. "Really?"

"Ask your father, I was still looking around for you well after we had spotted you at the airport," she told me. "I just thought to myself, I wonder who that tall handsome stud is over there? Turned out, it was you."

We shared a laugh at that too, but I was secretly really excited that Mom had found me attractive. Her closeness and her compliments had my cock filling out in my uniform slacks, but I didn't draw attention to it.

"Have you eaten?" she asked before the moment grew more awkward.

"Yes, the food is free for me at the restaurant, so I ate before I came home," I explained.

"Okay," she said, turning and standing up. Then she looked over her shoulder and said, "Just let me know if there's anything you need. I mean; anything at all!"

"Sure will," I replied without even thinking. Then, as I watched her walk into the living room, I wondered if she was just being nice or if she meant anything more by it. I finally decided that it must have been innocent, and my cock was just reinterpreting her words for me.

Back in the living room, I watched Mom sit back down on the couch. The nightie she wore was very short but, again, she sat with her legs crossed so her panties were not visible. Though I scolded myself that her comment had been innocent, I still had those forbidden thoughts. I wanted to see her panties.

I turned and headed up the stairs, down the hall, and into my room. I changed into my shorts and tee shirt. I only wore underwear to work but went commando everywhere else. The shorts were thin but long, basketball shorts, and, without underwear, I liked the way they rubbed against my dick.

Back downstairs, Mom and Dad sat side-by-side on the big couch, so I sat in the loveseat alone and watched television with them.

Later, as usual, after the news went off, Dad said, "Well, I'm off to bed."

Mom told him, "I'll catch the monologue and then be up right after."

"Do whatever you want. I don't give a shit," he said casually as he trudged up the stairs.

In response I heard Mom mutter to herself, "No, I don't suppose you do."

As usual, Mom watched The Tonight Show through the monologue and then headed up to bed. I watched for a while, considered watching some porn, but just ended up playing some video games until I got tired and headed to bed.

* * *

The next morning, I woke to find Dad had left for work and Mom was making breakfast.

Immodestly wearing only my boxers, I sat at the little glass dining room table and watched Mom in the kitchen.

Mom wore a white silk robe, tied tight to her slim waist. Though the robe was cinched securely, she did not cross the edges of the robe more than an inch at the waist, leaving a deep V of tanned flesh exposed from her neck to her belly. Her breasts were separated, showing the breastbone between, but also revealing the entire inner globes of her big tits, though no nipples were exposed.

My cock grew hard as I watched her, imagining what it would feel like to slide it between her full tits.

Mom gasped and said, "I didn't see you sitting there! Do you want juice or milk with your eggs?"

"Milk," I replied.

Mom looked at me for a moment longer and asked, "Are you going to put a shirt on or walk around in your boxers all day?"

I smiled at her and said, "I'll get dressed when it's time to go to work. Is it a problem? I mean, look how you're dressed."

She glanced down and said, "I see what you mean." Then she shrugged, laughed, and said, "Well, it's just us here. Do I need to close it up or open it more?" As she spoke, she grabbed the edges of her robe, closed it tight around her neck, opened it wide to reveal her tits, and then put it back in place the way it was before she started.

I was stunned. The image of my mom's tits was suddenly seared into my brain. Had she really just flashed me? I wanted to see more!

To let her know that it was okay for her to flash me whenever she wanted to, I finally said, "You can take your robe off completely and walk around in your panties, if you'd like. Do whatever you want, as long as I can walk around like this."

She laughed at that. "I think I'll leave the robe on, but, yeah, I'm fine with you walking around in your boxers. You look really good like that," she informed me.

"You look good in anything," I told her honestly. I was sure she had no idea of the effect she was having on me. She thought it was just us here and with her being my mom, anything was fine, since it wouldn't lead to anything else. Oh, how I wanted it to lead to something else. Of course, if I had done anything like that it would ruin my relationship with my mother, get back to my father, and I would find myself out on the street.

Mom was short, so when she when to open the cabinet and reach up to pull down a glass, her robe rode up, revealing her frilly pink panties which cupped her firm ass. No, she had no idea what she was doing to me.

My cock pulsed strongly in my boxers as I sat and watched.

When she was done, we sat and ate. As we talked, I spent most of the time looking down at my plate, but with my eyes rolled up, staring at the beautiful cleavage revealed by her somewhat-open robe. I studied the collar bones, the long expanse of chest leading down to her tits, small beads of sweat resting between, and her flat stomach, all tanned and sexy, contrasting sharply with the white silk.

Mom never noticed or, if she did, she gave no indication.

* * *

Later that same day, I was playing a video game in the living room when I heard Mom calling for me.

"Steve?" she shouted.

The sound was coming from outside and so I went to the backyard, through the sliding glass door, where I found my mother face down on a towel in the grass. She looked so sexy laying there, her neon yellow bikini covering her ass, but her back and legs were bare and tanned. "Yeah?" I croaked; my voice suddenly caught in my throat.

She looked over her shoulder at me and said, "Come here and put some of this sunscreen on my back. Please?"

Trying to hide my excitement, I casually said, "Sure." Quickly walking up and kneeling beside her, I grabbed the bottle. I examined her closely, running my eyes up her legs, studying the shapely curve of her ass, the narrow waist, the back muscles beneath the tanned flesh covered with small beads of sweat, the string of the bikini across the middle of her back, tied into a bow, and finally up her back to her neck where she had pulled her long black hair to the side.

She watched me until I had the bottle opened and was squirting the lotion into my hand, at which point she turned her head away, laid it down on the towel, reached behind her, and pulled at the bow which held her bikini top, exposing her back completely.

My cock grew hard in my boxers, as it was starting to do every time I looked at her, yearning to fuck my own mother. Lewd incestuous thoughts filled my head as I touched her. I rubbed the lotion slowly across her back, covering every inch of her smooth flesh, thrilling to how it felt under my hands.

I wanted to move down and work on her ass or legs, but as soon as I reached the small of her back she said, "Okay, that's good. Thanks Steve. You're a good son."

Though I was disappointed at not being able to go even farther, her telling me that I was a good son made what I was thinking feel even more wicked. I felt like shit for thinking of my mother like that, but I was also so turned on I worried that my cock would find the opening in my boxers and slip out. I also worried that Mom might turn around and see my condition.

"You'd better get to work," she added as she turned and took the bottle from me, the top of her bikini left on the towel and one of her beautiful breasts exposed to me as she took the bottle.

Unfortunately, I was more concerned with hiding my erection than watching her, so I almost missed it. I quickly turned away, stood up, and headed back into the house to take care of myself. I had to stop thinking about fucking my mother before something bad happened.

* * *

That night, after work, we were all sitting in our usual spots in the living room, watching television. Mom was in her pink nightie, just like every night, and Dad was more intent on complaining about Mom not getting a new acting gig and how expensive it was to put me through college than anything else.

Finally, when the news was over, Dad went up to bed, as usual.

Mom stayed, grabbed the remote, and asked me, "Are you going to watch my show with me?"

"Your show? Sure," I replied. I had no idea what show she was planning to watch but I loved the prospect of spending time alone with her. Though she was my mom, I was so attracted to her that all I could think about was coming up with a way to fuck her. None of the scenarios in my head were things I felt were realistic. So, though I really wasn't going to say or do anything, I was still happy she was staying up with me.

She scooted to one end of the couch and gestured to the other end saying, "Come sit with me so you can see better."

The loveseat, where I usually sat, was off to the side and so had a poor angle to see the TV. I nodded before I got up and sat on the far end of the couch, the middle seat separating us. I debated whether to sit in the middle but had no good excuse for that.

Mom changed the television station to one I rarely watched. Then, a moment after she changed it over, a short commercial stated, "Coming up next, a tale of forbidden love, it's Starting Over."

Mom turned her lamp off, leaving the room dark but for the TV. She said, "I know one of the actresses in this movie and I heard it was good."

It didn't take me long to figure out that the movie was a softcore movie about a woman who gets divorced. As we watched, the sex scenes were often and very short, filled with naked writhing actors but without a single dick or pussy to be seen.

Mom loved it, commenting all through the movie, "Oh she's pretty." "Those are some nice tits." "Look at his tan lines." "He's got a nice butt." "Young guys have so much energy." "There's my friend. We were up for the same part."

I had been spending my time trying not to laugh at the implausible story and bad acting, but when she mentioned her friend I asked, "For this part?"

"Oh, no, a different movie. You have to be really pretty for a part like that," she replied gesturing to the TV.

"You're a model," I rebutted incredulously.

"Well, I'm pretty, but not softcore porn pretty. You have to be prettier for that than you do for real porn," she explained.

"You've done real porn?" I asked, stunned but turned on.

"No, of course not, I'm just saying I'm not pretty enough for that," she explained.

"Well, I think you are," I told her, the thought of seeing her writhing around naked like that was making my cock swell in my shorts, making a bulge I hoped she didn't notice in the darkness. "You're pretty enough for any regular movie, softcore, or porn."

She laughed at that. "You're sweet, but you don't want to see these tits up there," she replied, pulling her nightie down and showing me her full tis for the second time that day.

This time I stared directly at her tits, lit only by the light of the TV, wishing I had an excuse to reach across and touch them. They were sexy tanned soft globes topped with small hard red nipples. I replied slowly, giving me more time to look at them, "They look really nice to me."

She pulled her nightie back into place and said wryly, "I wish the casting directors shared your opinion."

As we watched more of the movie, it took a turn where the divorced woman started fantasizing about having sex with her own son. I nearly swallowed my tongue when that became clear. I coughed.

"Is this movie making you uncomfortable?" she asked.

I shook my head. "Not at all," I lied.

She mused, "Well, I don't know about you, but this movie is turning me on."

I didn't reply to that, but I watched her over the next few minutes. Sure enough, as she stared at the screen, I could see that her nipples dented her nightie, her legs were no longer crossed, one hand laid flat on her chest, the other hand caressed her thigh, and her breathing was heavy. She was definitely turned on. As for me, my cock was as hard as a steel pipe, but it was mostly over my lewd thoughts of my mother and not as much over the movie.

Unfortunately, just as things were heating up, the movie ended.

Mom smiled at me and said, "See you in the morning. Don't stay up too late and I'll make you breakfast."

* * *

The next morning, I was awakened by my mother opening the door to my bedroom. I hadn't locked it. She came in carrying a breakfast tray. "Good morning," she greeted me with a smile.

As I sat up in bed, wearing nothing beneath the sheets, inasmuch as I slept nude, she placed the tray over my lap. It had milk as well as a plate of eggs, toast, and bacon. "'Morning," I replied.

When Mom had leaned forward the left strap of her pink nightie fell off her shoulder. Then, when the tray was in place she sat on the bed and the nightie fell enough to reveal her left breast fully. The dark red nipple was hard and her whole full firm breast was evenly tanned.

I tried not to stare, my cock growing erect beneath the tray.

"Steve, I wanted to ask you about your plans for next semester," she began.

Trying to pull my eyes up to hers, I replied, "Well, I have to re-take calculus, and then I was going to hit, maybe, eighteen hours."

She took a deep breath, her exposed breast seeming to swell as she did, my eyes glued to them as I pretended to look down at my plate of eggs. "Did you fail calculus?"

Again, working hard to look her in the eyes, I said, "No. I wasn't doing well, so I dropped it."

She shook her head, her black hair moving about her head and shoulders. "Does your father know?" she asked as a lock of hair fell across her exposed tit. Perhaps at the feel of it, but with no indication that she knew she had been exposed, she hooked her thumb under the strap and shrugged it back up onto her shoulder.

Disappointed that her wardrobe malfunction had come to an end, I resumed eating.

"Well?" she prompted.

"Huh?"

"Does your father know you dropped calculus?"

"No, I don't suppose he does," I told her.

"He's going to have a fit, if he finds out."

"Why?" I asked.

She looked at me as if I was an idiot. "Because he has to pay for it whether you pass, fail, or drop. By taking it again, your father is paying for it twice."

"Oh," I replied. I hadn't thought of it that way. "Can you, maybe, not tell him?"

As she got up, I caught sight of her pink frilly panties before her nightie dropped into place. She shrugged, sighed, and said, "Maybe. I'll think about it."

As she left the room, I became worried. If she talked to Dad about calculus it could mean trouble. He constantly complained about the cost of college and that might be the last straw.

* * *

A short while later I was in my boxers, as usual, in the living room, playing a racing video game, when Mom came in wearing her white silk robe. Again, it was open down the front to her waist. I immediately crashed the car as I watched her walk toward me. Her long black hair was wet.

She sighed and asked, "Son, do you know how to give a massage?"

I looked at her quizzically. Since she was so short, despite my sitting down, her big breasts were at my eye level. I couldn't tear my eyes away from them as I stupidly asked "Huh?"

"I'm so tense about this upcoming audition and I've tried running my shoulders under the warm shower, but that only works for a little while. What I need is a good massage. I have the oil," she said, showing me the bottle, "but I can't do it to myself. Well, not very well."

"Oh?" I replied.

She rolled her eyes and said, "Never mind, I'll try something else."

"I can do it," I told her quickly, not wanting the opportunity to get my hands on her slip away.

She smiled at me, handed me the bottle, and said "Great!" Then she turned her back to me and sat on the couch beside me.

As I put the controller down and fumbled with the oil bottle, Mom pulled her robe off her shoulders and let it fall down around her waist. She was nude from the waist up, but I couldn't see her tits since she had her back to me.

Finally, I spread some oil on my hands and began massaging her shoulders. Her skin was smooth and flawless; tanned and sexy. Her shoulders were indeed firm and so I kneaded them strongly.

"Oh, god, yes," she moaned.

It sounded so sexual to me, though I knew she was just enjoying the massage. My cock grew hard as I continued to work on her. The muscles in her shoulders slowly began to relax beneath my ministrations.

"Oh shit, that feels good," she purred. "You sure do know how to use your hands. We may need to do this more often."

"Any time," I piped up, not able to think of anything else to say.

"You are such a good son," she sighed. "I'll have to think of some way to repay you. Besides keeping quiet about calculus, of course."

My head swam with desire, but I didn't dare let on. Though her words seemed so suggestive to me, I couldn't bring myself to act on them. If it were my imagination, then one errant move on my part could destroy my relationship with my mother.

"Thank you," she finally said, as she rose, pulled on her robe, turned, and took the bottle from me. She bent down and kissed me on the cheek before retreating back upstairs.

* * *

After getting home from work I found Mom and Dad on the couch, as usual.

"Welcome Home," Mom said.

"Get me a beer," Dad ordered.

I fetched the beer for him before heading off to change.

When I returned and sat on the loveseat, I saw that they had lowered the center seat of their couch, which served as a pair of cup-holders and a little table. The beer occupied the far cup holder, beside Dad.

Mom, in her usual pink nightie, used the little table as an arm rest as she leaned away from me while watching TV. With her hips rocked away from me, I could clearly see the frilly pink panties covering her ass. I could even see where it covered her pussy.

I tried not to stare but it was dark enough in the room and they were distracted enough by the TV not to even notice me. My cock grew hard as I imagined sliding those panties down and slipping my dick inside her, or maybe lifting her leg and pressing my face against her pussy, my tongue licking and tasting her. It was just a fantasy, but it was mine.

After Dad went to bed and Mom finished watching the Tonight Show monologue, she gasped.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"Shit!" she said angrily. Then she sighed despondently and said, "Oh fuck."

I waited.

She looked at me shaking her head. "I went to that audition today."

"Oh? How did it go?" I asked.

"Pretty well, I think. They asked me for some more up-to-date shots, and I told them it'll be in their inbox in the morning. If I have to get your Dad up to help me with them, he'll have a fit, but I can't do them by myself," she explained.

"I'll help you," I volunteered without knowing or caring what that might entail. I didn't want her to have to rely on Dad and I relished any time I got to spend alone with her.

She looked at me skeptically, thinking it over. She muttered, mostly to herself, "I know enough to set it up and if you mess up the framing, I can edit them." Then she smiled at me and said, "Okay, let's do it. I can still wake up your father if we can't get it right."

Though the studio, my former bedroom, was upstairs, it was far away from my parent's bedroom, on the opposite corner of the upstairs area. Mom went up the stairs before me and into the studio. She turned on the lights, got the camera ready, and then showed me how to operate it. So, I didn't have to do more than frame the shot and follow Mom's directions.

Mom took off her robe, leaving herself only in her frilly pink panties, exposing her hot body to my hungry eyes. My cock grew hard in my shorts, but I left it alone. If she noticed it, then that's what would happen.

I tried to concentrate on using the camera correctly and framing the shots as best I could. Mom went through her poses, exposing herself to the camera more in some shots, less in others; some shots close up; others farther away. It was all very challenging for me, but the shots were so exciting that my cock never shrank for a moment, uncomfortably hard in my shorts, tenting them obscenely and obviously.

Finally, when we were done, Mom put her robe back on and asked, "So what did you think? Any of them turn you on?"

"Yeah."

Mom looked down and said, "Wow, I guess so."

I thought, for sure, Mom was going to be furious at me for daring to get an erection over her. I braced myself.

Instead of castigating me, all she said was, "I hope the Casting Director feels the same way." With that, she took the camera from me and shooed me off to bed so she could go through them, do some editing, and e-mail them out.

As I stood out in the hall with my hard cock filling my shorts, I felt like I had just been through a whirlwind. I knew Mom was just trying to get her pictures done. I knew she didn't mean to get me hard except inasmuch as she wanted the photos to be sexy. I still wished I had the courage to try to do something to fuck her, damn the consequences.

I consoled myself that my lack of action was a good move.

* * *

The next morning was breakfast-in-bed again. Mom was dressed in her pink nightie, this time her long black hair gathered into a bun at the back of her head. "Wake up, sleepy head," she said.

I was surprised but delighted to see her. As I sat up, I told her, "I thought you were up all night."

"Only for a few hours," she replied as she placed the tray over my lap, leaning forward such that was able to see down her pink nightie and the silhouette of her firm breasts dangling from her chest.

"Good," I said, staring at her breasts, unable to look away.

Mom sat on the bed beside me to my left. With her right foot on the floor she put her left foot on the bed and, wrapping her arms around her left leg, rested her chin on her left knee. "I'm exhausted," she told me, her eyes closed to rest them a moment.

I nearly spit out the sip of milk as the treasure I had sought but never discovered was revealed to me in the most casual and unaware fashion. See, with her leg up on the bed as it was, I was able to see her crotch. It was then that I discovered that Mom wore no panties that morning. I had finally, at long last, caught sight of that most elusive of prey, my mother's pussy.

For a woman of forty years, her crotch looked young. With no hair in sight, her slit was pink and slightly opened near the bottom, revealing more pink flesh there. My mouth watered, wanting to taste her so badly, my cock, again, fully hard below the tray.

"I'll bet you are tired," I told her slowly, staring at her pussy, unable to turn away, like a deer gazing at oncoming traffic. I wanted to reach out and touch it, but I knew that if I did something like that she would completely freak out. So, I just gawked at it, studying and committing every aspect of the view to memory.

I just barely managed to pull my gaze to the side when Mom looked at me, sighed, and said, "I wouldn't have been able to do it without your help, Steve. You're a good son."

I smiled at that. She was just tired. She didn't mean to turn me on so. I told her, "Any time, Mom. You know I'm always here for you."

She nodded and smiled. "Yes, I do." Then, without another word, she stood up and left.

My head swam with naughty thoughts that I tried, and failed, to suppress.

* * *

"Steve?" came the faint familiar call from my mother. It had been less than an hour after she had dropped off breakfast. I was just about to get dressed for work, having finished the meal and all my bathroom activities. So, I was in my robe. I dropped my robe and pulled on my boxers before I started looking around for Mom.

I found her out by the pool lying on a towel in the grass, garbed in the familiar neon yellow bikini.

When she heard me open the sliding glass door she asked, lying on her stomach but looking at me from over her shoulder. "Can you rub some sunscreen on me? Please?"

"Of course," I told her. I didn't know how much more of this I could take but I couldn't say 'no'. As I knelt beside her, took the bottle, and applied the sunscreen to her shoulders, my cock grew hard in my boxers, quickly tenting them. I wanted to fuck her so badly.

"Mmm, nice," she murmured. "It's like getting a massage at the same time." She reached behind her and pulled the bow of the bikini top, letting the strings fall away and reveal to me her bare back and the sides of her firm breasts as they were squished to the towel.

"So, when do you tan you front?" I asked as I boldly applied the sunscreen down her sides, something I had not done the previous time. I slowly worked my way down toward her breasts. I was so horny that I could barely think straight.

Instead of objecting, Mom raised her arms up to give me better access, though she remained laying on her stomach and tits. "In the afternoon, after you've gone to work."

My fingers caressed the sides of her warm breasts where they met the towel, but Mom didn't rise up and I didn't press in. So, without lingering too long, I moved on down to her waist. Her skin was so soft against my fingers, her muscles firm beneath. "Why?"

"Why do you think?" she replied rhetorically.

I really didn't know, but I didn't want to let her know that her reply went over my head. I didn't pursue the subject.

When I reached the small of her back she said, "Please do the backs of my legs, too."

"No problem," I replied. With a new dollop or two of sunscreen I worked my way up her legs. From her calves, to the backs of her knees, to her firm sexy thighs I slowly applied the sunscreen, my hard dick obscenely tenting my boxers. I moved slowly, massaging as I went.

When I neared the top of her thighs Mom did the unthinkable. She reached down, pulled the bows on either hip, and pushed the flap of material covering her ass, saying, "I'm going to tan my butt today, so, though it might be a little weird, could you please apply some to my ass?"

With her bikini bottom off, I could clearly see her slit below. Well, not as clearly as I had an hour earlier. Of course, this time, she knew she was showing it to me. Suddenly nervous, I went back up to her lower back and worked my way down with the sunscreen. I cupped her firm ass in my hands. Her butt was a little big for her frame, but I found it sexy. I imagined if it would jiggle very much if, at that moment, I slipped my cock into her pussy and started fucking her.

"How's it going?" she asked.

I had lingered a bit too long on her ass and she was getting suspicions. "Sorry," I said as I quickly worked my hands lower until I was at that point; the one where her ass and legs met. I put sunscreen at the bottom of her ass and then, in a bold move, slid a hand down her inner thigh, just barely brushing against her pussy with the edge of my hand.

"Hey," she gasped. "The sun doesn't shine there," then she laughed.

"Sorry! All done," I said, unable to laugh with her as my cock found the opening to my boxers and peeked its head out.

"Thanks," she told me without glancing at me. "You're a good son."

I beat a hasty retreat inside, cursing myself for being so foolish as to actually touch her like that. She had just laughed it off, but she sure objected pretty quickly. I had to be careful.

* * *

After work, I was so relieved it was Friday night. Two days off. I didn't work the weekend shifts. They left that to their best workers. I was temporary and new.

I came in through the side door, grabbed a beer, and took it to Dad. He actually said, "Thanks."

They still had the center down on the couch and he used the cup holder. As usual, Mom was leaning on it as she watched. I was excited by that thinking I'd get to stare at Mom's panties again that night. I hurried to my room to change into my tee-shirt and shorts.

When I returned to the loveseat I, at first, thought she had on a different color or type of panty. She wore the same pink nightie and had her hips tilted to the side like the prior night, but her panties looked different. It was difficult to tell for a few minutes as my eyes adjusted to the low light level of the living room. Slowly it became clear to me; Mom wore no panties.

As Mom sat there, I could finally make out her slit, her ass and even her asshole. She kept her thighs together so her slit remained closed but there it was, pink and clean-shaved or maybe even waxed.

Did she know she wore no panties? She had to know. So, was she aware that she was showing it to me? She didn't give any indication that she did. Admittedly, she had been sitting there watching TV for an hour or two before I arrived, so it was entirely possible that it just didn't cross her mind. Should I say something about it? If I didn't say anything about it, she would have to know I had been looking. However, Dad was sitting right there and there was no fucking way I would say anything in front of him. His reaction could be to kick me out of the house or to berate Mom as a slut. I didn't want to know what he would do. I didn't think Mom was really afraid of him, but I was scared.

After the news went off, Dad stayed up and we all watched The Tonight Show. The entire time had me stealing glances or sometimes staring at Mom's exposed pussy. One time she lifted her leg, spreading her gorgeous slit, but she settled it back down quickly.

They went up to bed together, wishing me a good night.

* * *

The next morning was Saturday morning, so neither Dad nor I had to work. I went downstairs in my tee-shirt and shorts. I did not walk around in my boxers when Dad was home. What did that say about me?

The three of us ate breakfast, Dad in his shirt and jeans and Mom in a short summer dress. Mom's dress was green with the pattern of little white flowers all over it. It came to above mid-thigh on her and the top of the dress was held in place with thin straps over each shoulder.

After breakfast we all went into the living room to watch more television. Eventually, Dad grew bored and went to the garage to work on his car.

Mom scooted to one end of the couch, turned and put her feet on the middle section. "Steve, would you please come be a dear and rub Mommy's feet?"

"Sure," I said, leaving the loveseat to sit on the near side of the couch. I took one of her bare feet in my hand and began rubbing it. The skin was soft, and I loved the chance to touch her.

"Mmm, that feels nice," she purred.

I continued to rub her feet, pressing my thumb into first this area then that one. I knew that different areas of the feet had nerves that were connected to different areas of her body. I wished I knew which spots connected to which areas.

"Wow, you have strong hands," she murmured.

I had been massaging her far foot, her left one, so when she pulled that one back and lifted her near foot to me, I could clearly see up her short dress. She wore no panties and I, again, could clearly see her pussy.

"No panties?" I asked without thinking. Well, there was a little thinking I had been doing over the last few days. While I enjoyed the flashing, I wanted her to know that I had noticed. I also wanted to know her intentions. Was she playing around or was she serious? At the same time, I wanted to be sure Dad was absolutely nowhere around. So, this was that moment.

She laughed and asked, "Is that a problem? How about this?" Then she pulled her top down, a thumb under each strap, and exposed her tits to me.

She was laughing the whole time, so I laughed with her. I had no idea if she was just that uninhibited or if she wanted me to jump her. My cock grew hard as I stared for a moment, looking at both her tits and her pussy in the well-lit room. "No, not at all," I began to tell her.

"So, I think I need to take it to the shop," Dad said loudly as he came in from the back door.

Mom pulled her top back up and put a foot on the floor and crossed her legs, pulling her foot from my hands. "Oh?" she asked him.

"Yeah," he said as he came into the living room. "What the fuck are you two doing?" he asked.

Mom grew pale and I nearly made a run for it.

Dad continued, "You're watching a cartoon?"

We let out a sigh of relief and Mom replied, "We were talking and didn't even know it was on."

Dad laughed at that. Then he said, "Yeah, while I'm out working on the car you two are in here just gabbing away. I'm the only one that does any work around this fucking place."

"We both work," Mom replied.

"You haven't had a job in weeks and he's just a waiter. You call that work?" he scoffed.

"Yes," I replied. I couldn't believe I had said that to him.

"Well, it's not, you little shit. I don't know why the fuck I'm paying to put your ass through college when you wouldn't know actual work if it came up and smacked you in the back of the head," he told me as he came closer and smacked me in the back of my head with the palm of his hand.

"Hey," I complained. He always did that. I knew better than to stand up to him, though. First, he would kick me out. Second, he would say I started it. Third, he knew some guys at the local Sherriff's office that would take his story at face-value. I knew that because I had made the mistake of scuffling with him when I had been sixteen. I spent the night in the local jail for that one.

Mom got up and said, "I have to go get groceries," before grabbing her purse, slipping her feet into her shoes, and heading for the front door.

"Good," he said. "At least you're off your fat ass and doing something useful for a fucking change."

"Fuck you," Mom said clearly as she walked out the door.

"Stupid bitch," he muttered as he went back to the garage. I barely heard him add, "God damned cunt," before he closed the door.
byThe_Unicorn©
That was the moment I resolved to start being a bit bolder. See, sure, I wanted to fuck my mother. I wanted her so badly I could taste it. I wanted her because she was beautiful, because I loved her, and because I wanted to make her feel good. I wanted to give her everything Dad couldn't or wouldn't. I wanted her for all of those reasons but, from that moment forward, I also wanted her because of Dad. I couldn't hit him without going to jail. I couldn't argue with him without being kicked out. He'd stop paying for my college for any of that, too. But there was one thing that I could do to get even with him, even if he didn't know I had done it, and that was to fuck his wife.

* * *

That evening, we all stayed up as usual. Mom, in her usual pink nightie, freshly washed, sat up with her legs crossed watching the news.

As usual, Dad went up to bed and Mom stayed up to watch Saturday Night Live. "Steve," she said. "Come sit over here."

I sat on the near spot on the couch. We watched and laughed together at the skits as they played out; well, a few of them. Not all the skits were winners. See, with it being summer, this episode was a rerun and many things about it had not aged well over the last few months. Finally, at one point, during a commercial, I noticed that she looked a little sad and I asked, "What's wrong?"

She shrugged.

I suggested, "Come here and let me rub your shoulders. You look tense."

Much to my delight, she smiled and nodded. She scooted to the middle seat, sitting on the edge, turned her back to me, and pulled her hair to one side.

I began gently kneading her shoulder muscles. She was tense.

"I'm so lucky to have such a good son," she told me. "You are the most considerate man I know and I'm going to cry when some little girl takes you away from me. Actually, I'm surprised one hasn't put her hooks into you yet. You are so nice and handsome."

I chuckled as I rubbed down to her shoulders, boldly scooting the spaghetti straps of her nightie off and down to her elbows. I said, "Girls my age don't want nice guys."

She nodded and said, "Well, you need to find someone more mature."

"Yeah," I told her. "I need to find someone like you."

She leaned back toward me and I went from rubbing her muscles to caressing her shoulders. Slowly, working back and forth, letting my hands roam, I rubbed her farther and farther from her shoulders. I rubbed down her back and then I pulled her back against my chest and caressed her upper chest.

"Mmm," Mom moaned. "Who taught you how to give such a good massage?"

I didn't say anything as I ventured farther and farther down. I then rubbed down her cleavage, pressing firmly as if I was only interested in massaging her.

"That feels nice," she confessed.

I caressed the tops of her breasts, the nightie riding low and exposing her tits. Then, on the tenth pass at caressing all around her upper chest, I swooped my fingers along the underside of her left breast, brushing the loosened top of her nightie down to her waist, and pressed my palm down onto her hard nipple.

"Whoa! What are you doing?" she asked with a gasp.

I gently kneaded and massaged her left tit and then cupped the other one in my other hand, kneading and caressing them in unison.

Without pushing herself away, she looked over her shoulder at me and said, "Steve, I'm your mother. I don't think you should be doing that."

I told her, "I'm just massaging you; trying to make you feel good. Do you want me to stop?"

She groaned, "My shoulders feel fine. What are you doing?"

I realized she had not asked me to stop. I caressed her tits, feeling the weight of each of them; the skin soft, the nipples hard against my hands. Then I rolled the nipples between my fingers. "Feel good?" I asked.

"Yes, but it's not right," she told me, though she moaned softly with pleasure. Still, she didn't pull away, letting me continue to caress her breasts.

With her head still turned like that, she just stared up into my face. Slowly, I leaned in and, when she didn't turn away, I kissed her. Her lips were soft but closed. I kissed her gently.

"Are you coming to bed?" Dad shouted from upstairs.

I reluctantly broke the kiss and looked toward the foyer to see if Dad was coming down the stairs.

"In a few minutes," Mom replied, pulling away from me and pulling her nightie back onto her shoulders. Then she looked at me and said, "Thank you for the massage. You're a good son."

Before I could reply, she was gone, heading upstairs to her bedroom where Dad waited. I was so turned on and excited. I smiled to myself that I had actually just held my mother's tits in my hands, as well as kissed her, and it had not destroyed our relationship. Well, it hadn't seemed to. I wondered how much farther she would let me go.

* * *

Well after midnight, SNL having long been off the air, I put in a pornographic DVD. I only had a few, since most of the stuff I watched was online. I found that I preferred a movie to have a story behind it. It made it more real for me. Maybe that had something to do with Mom and her movies with rich plots that made me that way.

This DVD had a lot of story. It was named Chameleons and was one of my favorites. It's a sort of sci-fi or fantasy movie from long ago, but very well done.

I changed out of my shorts and tee-shirt in favor of wearing only my robe. I also had a towel; just in case. Normally, I would masturbate to the movie and finish in the bathroom, but I knew I needed to be careful.

First, sitting in the middle section of the couch, I masturbated to the scene on the stairs; the first scene of the movie. I loved the scene itself and the woman, though I was put off by the man's poor acting; he liked to have his character giggle.

Then, I masturbated to the hot scene in the bathroom. I also loved the nightclub scene surrounding it; I always found it so interesting.

After that, there was some plot and dialog, so, as it happened, it was at that point, my cock soft again, when Mom appeared. She was still wearing her pink nightie and had just came up beside the couch, having come down the stairs without alerting me.

"Mom!" I exclaimed, pulling my robe to cover myself. She had certainly had time to examine my nude body and flaccid dick. If I had been bolder and less startled, I might have left my robe open.

She smiled at me, glanced at the TV, and grabbed the remote. As she turned up the volume and sat beside me, she asked, "Are you watching one of my shows? I came down to discuss what happened but, do you mind if I watch with you?"

"No, but-" I tried to explain.

"Oh, she's very pretty. I don't recognize her. What's her name?" she asked.

"Deidre Holland," I told her. "I don't think you'd know her."

"No, I don't think I do. When was this movie made?" she asked.

"1992," I explained "But-"

"Oh, well, that explains it. Wow, look how well produced this is! Oh, now, he's handsome. Wow," she said.

"He's Rocco," I told her. "He's a-"

As the camera panned down, she said, "She's going to go down on him."

"Yeah, I think you may-" I tried to tell her.

"His body is so muscular and, oh shit, look at that!" she gasped.

"Mom, you may not want to watch this," I told her.

"Look at the size of his cock! I didn't think they could show that! What channel is this on?" she asked.

"It's a DVD," I explained. "It's-"

"Oh, it's a pornographic movie," Mom said, the light dawning. "Well, it's very well produced," she said. Then she looked at me and said, "Oh, you were in here masturbating, weren't you?"

"I was-" I started to say but, this time, was glad when Mom cut me off, because I didn't know how I was going to end that sentence.

"Don't be ashamed. You're a grown man and, of course, you have needs. I understand that. I have needs too. I mean, you do whatever you want. After we kissed, you need to... um... I'm just going to pop off back upstairs like I was never here," she rambled, embarrassing herself.

Feeling that I maybe had the upper hand on her for once, and feeling emboldened by our prior encounter, I said, "Do you want to stay and watch it with me?"

She looked at the screen and said, "Wow, she's actually taking his big cock into her mouth isn't she!?! Um, well, yeah, I'd like to stay and watch. I mean, just to see how this scene turns out. I suppose that would be okay, wouldn't it?"

"Fine with me," I told her.

"Okay, well, you scoot down to that end of the couch and I'll stay right here, okay?" she offered. "We don't need a repeat of what happened earlier."

I replied, "Okay," before quickly moving to the other end of the couch, leaving the middle seat unoccupied. I didn't want her to leave or to put up extra barriers.

Content with that, Mom sat and began watching the movie. Her eyes were glued to the screen. "She can't take more than a third into her mouth, can she?"

"No," I agreed, my cock rising inside my robe as I glanced back and forth between the scene on the TV and Mom sitting on the other end of the couch. I could see her hard nipples denting the fabric of her pink nightie. I wanted to escalate but I didn't know how, so I just tried to relax and see what happened.

"Wow, look at her body," she complimented as Rocco took Deidre's clothes off. Then she laughed and said, "That's almost like one of my movies. He's down there eating her pussy, but we can't see anything."

"Yeah," I agreed. It was a strange turn of a scene in the movie, but I knew they'd get down to business soon, since I had watched it about a dozen times before. My cock was harder over watching Mom than the TV. The movie had gotten tamer with time considering the things they do on the internet now.

"This is so hot," she declared as she cupped her tits again through her nightie.

I was trying to think of what I could do that would push the limits but not scare Mom off. Finally, I thought that, since she knew I had been masturbating and had agreed to stay, then maybe, if I let my cock poke through my robe, letting her see it, I could always just apologize that it got away from me and she could really only blame herself.

Mom said, "Oh shit, look at that. He's rubbing his big cock on her ass. Wow. She's so slim. I don't know if she can take that." She watched the screen, spellbound.

I laid back a bit and watched Mom as the characters on the screen began fucking. My cock rose to attention and I let it part the folds of my robe and emerge into the light of the TV.

"Oh shit," she breathed, watching the characters on the screen start to fuck each other. "That's a lot fucking hotter than my movies!" She looked at me with a smile. Her smile transformed to a look of lust and she said, "Well, looks like you're enjoying it too."

"Sorry," I said, like I had planned to. I slowly grabbed my cock in my fist and complained, "It has a mind of its own."

She replied, "Don't be sorry. It's okay. Go ahead and masturbate. I'm the one intruding here."

"You're not intruding," I told her. As I began stroking my cock in front of her, pushing my robe aside so she could see the full size of it, I boldly said, "I like doing this in front of you."

"You do?" she asked.

I nodded. "You want to do it with me?" I asked her, throwing all caution to the wind.

"With you?" she asked.

"You can touch yourself if you want to. I don't mind," I explained.

"I-I don't know about that," she declared as the scene ended, and more plot began to be revealed. Mom, despite her words, sat back and watched more of the movie.

As we watched the movie together, sex scenes came and went. They didn't last long in this movie and I found Mom touching herself once or twice. As for me, I was turned on in spots by the movie but knowing my mother was watching me out of the corner of her eye kept me hard. I stroked my cock slowly all through the movie, letting her get a good look.

At one point, during a sex scene near the end of the movie, Mom told me, "I hope you realize that you have a really nice cock, Steve. You have really grown into a handsome man," she added with a smile.

"Thanks," I replied. I wanted to escalate things, but, again, I didn't know how. Grasping at straws I asked, "Nice? What do you like about it?"

"Well," she began, thinking about it for a second. "What's not to like? It's long and thick; bigger than your dad's. It's hard and straight. The head is pink and flairs just right. It's really amazing."

I smiled at that but found myself at a loss for words.

Before I could think of anything to say, the movie ended and Mom told me, "That was a good movie. The scenes were too short though for me to get off, but I got pretty creamy."

"I can put one in with longer scenes," I offered quickly standing up, my cock pulsing strongly, my robe wide open.

"I'd better get back to bed. You need some privacy so you can come," she told me as she stood up.

"You didn't come either," I told her.

She laughed nervously. "This isn't right."

"We're not even touching each other," I told her, feeling the moment slipping away.

"I know, but, looking at my body is one thing; this is something else," she told me. With that, she turned and headed up to bed before I could form another protest.

* * *

The next morning, I woke very late; in time for lunch, not breakfast. Dad was mowing the grass and Mom was working in her garden. I put on my tee-shirt and shorts, before going outside to help her plant her flowers.

"Good morning, Sweetheart," she told me with a smile.

"Good morning, Mom. Need some help?" I asked rhetorically.

"Sure, here" she said, handing me a bag of fertilizer. "Spread that around."

So, we worked in the garden just like normal. She didn't act any differently toward me because of our recent encounters. I was glad of that, but, looking at her on her knees, digging in the dirt, I still imagined walking up to her and pulling my cock out for her to suck, or maybe sliding in behind her and fucking the shit out of her. I knew it was wrong, but I couldn't help it. My cock swelled in my shorts at the thought.

Afterward we all went inside. Mom fixed sandwiches and we ate. Then Mom took a shower. As soon as she was out of the shower, Dad announced that he had to go pick up a new blade for the lawn mower at the hardware store; he had hit a tree root and bent the shit out of the current one.

I washed up and changed my clothes, into a different shirt and shorts. When I got done, I found that Dad was gone and Mom, wearing a nice gray dress, was waiting for me in the hall.

"Mom!" I said, surprised.

"I didn't mean to scare you," she told me.

I laughed and said, "I didn't expect you to be lurking in the hall."

"I wasn't lurking. I was just waiting for you to get changed," she told me.

"Oh? Why? What's up?" I asked.

She took a deep breath and said, "Well, it's about last night."

I was sure I went a little pale. Though I wanted my mother, I also loved her and wanted her approval. I dreaded what she was about to say. I waited.

"I think I may have over-reacted," she told me, dropping her eyes to the floor. "I told you to go ahead and masturbate, and then I freaked out when you did. That was pretty dumb of me."

"Which part?" I asked. "Telling me to or freaking out about it?"

"Freaking out," she clarified. "Look, you are a healthy young man and you have needs. I understand that, like I said last night. So, if you want to watch porn and masturbate, that's fine with me. There's nothing more natural."

I didn't want her to say that she shouldn't have watched. I felt that was what was coming next, so I beat her to the punch and asked, "You liked watching me, didn't you? It turned you on to see me stroke my cock."

Her eyes went wide at that and she looked up at me; then she nodded. "It's so wrong."

I knew it was wrong too; that's what made it hot. "No, it's not," I lied. Then, with all the boldness I could muster, I added, "It's not like we fucked." I loved saying that in front of my mother. It felt so very wrong. I quickly added, "You just saw something that turned you on. That's all."

She licked her lips and then ran her hands up her sides, over her breasts, and to her neck. "I suppose so," she said.

"Are you okay?" I asked. "Is your neck sore?"

She shook her head. "Just working in the garden, and other stuff, has made me a little tense, I guess. Really, my legs are hurting more than my neck; all that squatting."

"I could rub your legs," I offered. "It might make them feel better."

She smiled and said, "I don't know if that's such a good idea."

I explained, "Mom, I promise I won't touch your tits again. Okay? Let me do this for you. I love you."

She sighed and said, "I love you too, Son. You're such a good boy. I guess a quick massage wouldn't hurt."

I smiled and said, "That's the spirit." Reaching down and taking her hand in mine, I pulled her into my room and said, "Lay down on the bed and kick off those shoes."

She did as she was bid, without another word. She laid back, up on her elbows, watching me.

I took her foot and began rubbing it. I rubbed both feet. I rubbed up her calves and then, kneeling between her feet, worked my way up to her thighs.

"That feels good," she moaned and then laid down on her back. "You're such a good son."

"I just want to make you feel good," I told her as I worked my way higher and higher up her thighs. "You like this?" I asked.

"Yes," she sighed. "Your hands are so strong."

Again, I saw that Mom wore no panties. I worked my way up her thighs until my hand again brushed against her pussy.

"Whoa," she moaned. "I think you're a little high there."

"Think so?" I asked as I continued to massage her thighs but regularly brushing the side of my hands against her pussy.

"I'm your mother," she told me. "You need to be careful."

"I am," I told her as I rubbed my hands along either thigh. I pushed my thumbs down between her legs and ran them back up alongside her entire slit. "Does this feel good?"

She let out a shaky breath and sighed, "So good. But you can't touch me like that. It's not right."

Mom had come into my room and laid down on my bed without any panties on. She was protesting but not physically trying to get away. I could see the moisture coating her pussy; feel it on my thumbs. It was time to capitalize. I said softly, "Mom, you've taken care of me all of your life. Let me take care of you."

As I dipped my head down between her thighs and pressed by mouth against my mother's pussy, she pushed herself back a few inches and said, "No, you can't do that!"

I pushed myself forward, chasing her the few inches she had moved. When I reached her pussy again, I sucked up her pussy flesh and lapped my tongue against her hard clit.

She moaned, "Oh, shit! Steve, that feels good, but we can't do this!" When I didn't even pause in licking her hard clit she added, "Son, please stop! Don't do this!"

I lifted my head and said, "Oh, Mom, your pussy tastes so good." I then dropped my head back down, running my tongue up and down the length of her slit. Then, resting my lips around her clit, I glided my tongue around and around the slick bud repeatedly.

She groaned, "Does it really taste good? You like it? Oh god, you're making me so wet, Steve. Shit! This is so wrong." She didn't kick at me or try to push me away, only her words said 'no'.

Though I knew what I was doing was wrong, I couldn't stop. I didn't want to stop. I ate my mother's pussy for several minutes like that. I watched her face from across her flat stomach and between her big tits, all covered by her gray dress. I mostly saw her chin when her head was laid back but, occasionally, she would lift her head and look down at me, lust blazing in her eyes.

Finally, as her orgasm neared, Mom looked down at me again and said, "Yes, that's it. Just like that. Don't stop. You're going to make Mommy come!"

My heart soared in triumph at my mother urging me on. Vindicated, I ate her pussy steadily. Though my tongue, lips, jaw, and neck were getting tired, I didn't falter, not for a second. I had to make her come like that, at least once. I was so glad she had stopped protesting and was finally enjoying herself.

Mom moaned, "Yes, oh god, yes, that's it. Eat Mommy's pussy! That's a good boy! Oh shit, I'm going to come!"

Holding on to her hips, I let her come on my face.

"Fuck!" she gasped before holding her breath as her orgasm washed through her.

My mother's juices coated my chin as she writhed under my mouth. I rolled my eyes up to look at her pretty orgasming face.

Mom's eyes were closed, her head back against the bed, and her breasts rose and fell quickly as she panted in orgasm. She moaned and groaned in pleasure. Finally, after a full minute of orgasm, she caught her breath, laughed, and said, "Steve, you are amazing."

I smiled at her, her fuck juices coating my face, and said, "I love you, Mom."

"I'm home!" Dad yelled from downstairs. "Where are you?"

"I'm upstairs," Mom yelled back.

"Sleeping, I'm sure," he complained. "Get your lazy ass down here and help me. Where's Steve?"

"I think he's in the bathroom," she replied loudly.

"Well, get his sorry ass down here too," he said. "Both of you lazy shits need to help me outside."

"Just a minute," she shouted. Then to me she said, "Go get cleaned up and get downstairs. Your father can't know about this!"

* * *

That night, watching TV as usual, Mom sat with her legs crossed. She seemed distracted.

When Dad got up to visit the bathroom, I asked, "Something wrong?"

"Yes," she barked angrily. "Of course there is, Steve. You ate my pussy!"

"You tasted so good, Mom," I told her, ignoring how upset she was. It was if someone else, someone fearless, had possessed me. I got up from the loveseat and sat in the middle section of the couch, right beside her.

She gasped and blushed, but said, "It was wrong, Sweetheart. You're poor dad-"

I cut her off, something I never did, put my arm over her shoulders, behind her neck, and asked softly, "Has Dad ever licked your pussy like that?"

"Of course he has," she replied.

"When was the last time?" I countered.

She thought for a minute and, finally, replied, "It's probably been about ten years."

I smiled at her. Then I leaned forward and whispered into her ear, "You said I was amazing."

She let out a ragged breath and admitted, "You were. It's just not something that should have ever happened."

"I love you, Mom. I wanted to make you feel good," I explained as I ran my hand down her arm. Her skin was so soft. "Did I do a good job?" I challenged, knowing the answer.

"Yes, of course," she replied and then laughed. She looked at me shaking her head and confessed, "I came so quickly I could hardly believe it. You have a very talented tongue; but I am your mother!" she told me firmly, glancing around to be sure Dad was still in the bathroom.

As Dad flushed the toilet, I said, "Exactly. Who else do I care about enough to make her come like that? Who's more deserving than you?"

"But not from my own son," she insisted, putting her hand on my side to push me away. She wasn't strong enough if she had really tried.

I leaned in and kissed her neck. I asked, "Why not? It was just a little licking." I then licked my tongue up her neck and to her ear. I whispered, "It's not like we fucked." Of course, that's exactly what I really wanted. Still, one step at a time, I told myself.

"I feel so guilty," she breathed, diverting away from the real subject, as my hand caressed her bare upper thigh.

As Dad came out of the bathroom I got up and quickly moved back to the loveseat asking softly, "What does Dad do for you, other than make you feel like shit? Don't feel guilty over doing something for yourself for a change."

As Dad walked into the living room, he asked, "What are you two hens cackling about?"

"Nothing," Mom replied, I could see her hard nipples denting the material of her pink nightie.

Then an idea hit me. I told Dad, "I was just telling Mom that one of her shows was coming on tonight and that we should watch it, but she was saying that she needed to go to bed."

He looked at her and said, "You should stay up and watch it. I know how much you like that shit. I mean, it's not like you have to get up in the morning to go to work or do anything else useful around here."

She looked at him and said, "You know I just worked in the garden all morning."

He laughed, "That's the only fucking useful thing I've seen you do in the last week."

"Maybe I will stay up," she said defiantly.

My excitement rose. He had no idea what he was doing. Her threat was more than just the loss of a little sleep. There was a good chance I would try something more with her. She had to know that.

"Go ahead," he told her. "I sleep better when you're not around anyway."

"Fine," she said. "I will."

* * *

When Dad finally went upstairs, Mom stayed. When he was out of earshot, she told me, "Look, I'm staying down here because of what your father said. What happened earlier can never happen again."

I didn't acknowledge what she had said. "I'll get the movie," I told her, as I rose and headed upstairs to my bedroom. I grabbed the movie, took off my clothes, pulled on my robe, and headed back down.

When I re-entered the living room, I saw that Mom, still in her pink nightie, had gotten herself a drink. It looked to be an adult beverage, of which I wasn't legally able to partake of at my age. Though Mom often let me have a little alcohol now and then, I wasn't interested in that moment. I wanted to be very clear-headed.

I didn't say anything as I put in the DVD and turned it on. It was a movie from a romance series. The movie was called "With This Ring". I hit "Play Movie" when the menu came up and sat away from her on the loveseat.

She looked at me and smiled. "This is a romance movie?"

I nodded and said, "That's what you asked for, isn't it?"

"Oh, Son, this is great," she told me. After a few minutes of watching the show she laughed at a scene of the characters in the movie. She said, "This is cute. Come watch with me."

I smiled at that and moved to the couch, sitting on the far end of the couch. I had a long game plan in mind and that required playing it a bit cool at first. I asked, "You like it?"

She nodded, watching the screen and taking a sip of her drink.

I watched her as the movie went through some more plot and then, about six minutes in, went into its first sex scene, beautifully shot, between the cute redhead and her boyfriend. Did Mom really think I had put in a softcore movie?

"She's so cute," she told me as he sucked her nipples until they were hard. Then, after a while, when she took off his boxers and went down on him, Mom gasped and looked at me, "This isn't one of my movies!"

"Of course not," I told her with a smile as my cock grew inside my robe. "It's one of mine."

She turned her attention back to the screen, watching the girl stroke and suck on the man's dick, light music in the background but the sounds of sucking filling the room. Her mouth fell open as she watched, lust building inside of her.

I let the folds of my robe fall open and gently stroked my cock as I watched Mom watch the movie.

Her nipples dented the material of her nightie as the scene slowly transitioned to him eating her pussy. "Wow," I heard her whisper as her hand fell between her own legs. She rubbed herself, not even acknowledging that I was there, as she became wrapped up in the scene.

"You like that?" I softly asked.

She glanced at me and then down at my exposed cock. Her eyes grew wide for a moment and then she said, "This is a good movie, Steve. I'm glad you feel comfortable enough to do that in front of me. Just, keep it over there, okay?"

"I'll stay over here," I lied.

She relaxed at that, leaning back and leaving her hand between her thighs as she watched the movie, occasionally glancing at me.

My cock throbbed with anticipation, but I was restrained. I stroked myself, glad that she liked watching me.

The scene ended and then picked up with more plot. I knew this about the movie. The scenes were spaced out well with plot, giving me time to work on Mom.

She stopped touching herself and after a few minutes started commenting on the plot. I engaged in that conversation and we went back and forth, complementing the good actors, calling out something that was unrealistic, and laughing at some of the exchanges onscreen.

Every time I responded to Mom, I moved about an inch closer so, by the time the second sex scene started I was sitting between the middle and end seat. She didn't seem to notice.

"Wow, she's hot," Mom said about the blonde on the screen. The scene started with a lot of squirming as he sucked her nipples and put his hand down her jeans. This went on for quite a while and Mom really seemed to enjoy the softcore nature of it. But then, when he finally got her pants off, spread her legs, and started licking her pussy, Mom said, "She's pretty hairy. Oh, look at her face, she's really enjoying that."

I stroked my cock again, letting her see me all she wanted, but I kept my distance.

As she began touching herself, she said, "See, now this is nice. My son and I can enjoy an adult movie together."

"Yeah," I agreed as the actress began sucking the actor's cock.

After watching for a minute, she whispered, "Yeah, that's it, take it in, Honey." She was encouraging the actress to show more deep-throat action. Then, when the scene turned to sex, she asked, "They didn't wear condoms in the last movie. Do all more recent movies do that?"

"Not all," I told her, more interested in building the rapport with Mom than anything else.

"Well, this movie uses them," she said as she fell silent for a bit, watching the scene on screen, touching herself as she did. "Yeah, fuck her," she whispered at one point, groaning with the pleasure she was giving herself.

We masturbated like that for another couple of minutes but neither of us came, it was just a casual masturbation, though the activity on the screen and the sounds of the actress were a bit frantic until, finally, the actor came.

As usual, the plot resumed and, again, this time more quickly and naturally, Mom engaged me regarding the plot points and the acting. We laughed and joked around for a bit.

I moved closer and closer with every exchange until I was finally in the middle seat. I was not touching her or rubbing elbows with her, but I was sitting right beside her. I could smell her sweet perfume and feel her body heat. I wanted to touch her so badly, but I was playing it as cool as I knew how.

The next scene was a frantic flashback scene that Mom almost didn't notice starting as she was too interested in discussing with me the plot of the movie. Still, halfway through the scene, when the characters finally started fucking, Mom asked, "She's really hairy. Is that the new thing now? I just got used to regularly waxing mine."

"I don't think so," I replied. "It seems to just depend on what the director, or the actress, wants. Personally, I prefer your pussy waxed."

"Really?" she asked, smiling at me. When she turned back to the movie, she said, "Wow, some of these shots aren't showing any penetration. They could be in my movies, but the actress is doing a much better job. I guess she doesn't have to act as much if it really does feel good."

"Yeah, I suppose so," I agreed.

Once the characters started fucking on the floor, we both got quiet. The actress came and we both found it very sexy. My cock made another appearance from between the folds of my robe and Mom resumed masturbating.

She rubbed her pussy with her far hand, her left, and I stroked myself with my right. I put my left arm around her shoulders as we masturbated together. It was a bold move, but Mom didn't object.

Then, just as we were getting into it, the actor came all over the actress's stomach.

Though the plot resumed, I didn't remove my arm from around her shoulders. Though I wanted to keep the passion up and I continued stroking my cock right besides Mom, the story took a funny turn and we both laughed.

We discussed the movie as it went, laughing back and forth. Then, after a bit, it got pretty serious, approaching its romantic conclusion; Mom tapped me on the leg. She wanted to draw my attention.

This led to the final romantic sex scene and Mom was fully into it as she began rubbing her pussy immediately.

I boldly stroked myself as I pulled her close to me with my left arm.

Mom fell against me as she moaned in pleasure, her fingers working frantically on her pussy. "Oh god," she moaned.

"You are so sexy," I whispered to her as I passed my hand down from her shoulder to cup her left breast, the hard nipple boring into my palm.

Mom didn't pull away. She lifted her right leg to drape it over my left, spreading her legs wide to better rub herself. "She has a pretty shaved pussy," she told me.

"So do you," I told her as I rolled her hard nipple with my fingers through the thin satin fabric of her nightie.

As Mom began to moan with pleasure, bringing herself closer and closer to orgasm, I waited until she was very close, released my cock with my right hand, found her right hand, and brought it down to my throbbing cock.

"Oh yeah," I sighed as Mom, almost unconsciously, wrapped her long fingers around my hot shaft and began to stroke me.

"Oh shit," she moaned as her orgasm gripped her and she came. She groaned with pleasure, her breath coming fast before finally relaxing into a normal rhythm.

I didn't say a word as I watched my mother's fist stroke up and down my cock. She had made herself come and was still stroking me. Where it would lead, I didn't know or care in that moment. I had finally gotten Mom to touch my dick and I just didn't want that moment to end.

She stroked me as she continued to rub her clit back and forth, her fingers active between her thighs. Then, after a few moments, she leaned forward and dropped her mouth down around my hot prick.

"Whoa," I gasped, not believing my luck.

My mother's cool lips wrapped tightly around my rampant cock and she slowly swallowed me down her throat.

I had never felt anything like it. In one motion my mother hand made my long hard cock completely disappear. Her throat was tight around the head as her lips nestled into my pubic hair. "Oh Mom," I groaned.

Mom bobbed her head a few times, driving the head of my cock into her throat over and over as her lips massaged the base of my dick, before she pulled off and resumed stroking it. She sat back, smiled at me and said, "I just needed to wet it."

"Of course," I told her, dismissing it as if it were nothing. I didn't want her to feel weird about it in the slightest, even though it was the hottest thing that had ever happened to me.

Mom continued to rub her pussy as she stroked my slick prick, her eyes glued to the porn on the TV. Her fingers were frantic on her clit and her breath came faster and faster until, just as the couple on the screen reached their climax, so did she. "Oh fuck," she grunted as she came again.

My cock was hard as a steel rod as I watched my mother orgasm beside me, my left arm still around her, her head falling back across my bicep. My balls felt heavy and I knew I had a load, but I was only halfway there. Her stroking was intermittent, her orgasm messing with her concentration.

When Mom finally came down from her orgasm, and her breathing returned to normal, she found that the credits were rolling, and my cock was still hard. "I can't leave you like this," she whispered as she bent down again, and took me into her mouth.

I could feel her hot breath rustle my pubic hairs as she began stroking me with her lips in earnest. The hand she had been using to masturbate with now cupped my balls, wetting them with her pussy juices. It felt like heaven and I just laid back and enjoyed it.

She slurped loudly up and down my shaft, one hand holding the base and the other massaging my testicles. "Does that feel good?" she asked. "Do you like how Mommy sucks your cock?"

"Yes," I breathed, the taboo words echoing in my mind. "Your mouth is amazing."

She lifted off and stroked it saying, "It's so fucking big, Steve." She moved off the couch and down, kneeling on the floor between my legs. She took my cock back into her mouth, swallowing it down her throat again and again.

"Oh Mom," I groaned. "That feels so fucking good!"

"Yeah?" she asked before bending down and licking my balls for a bit, stroking the shaft in her fist. Then she took it back into her mouth, her lips tight against the shaft. She rolled her eyes up to mine for a moment as she blew me.

I nodded to her, confirming how good it felt.

"You've really grown up, haven't you?" she asked, as she lifted off for a moment, stroking it and admiring the length and breadth of it.

I smiled at her and asked, "You think so?"

"Oh Son," she moaned before wrapping her lips around my cock again and bobbing her head on it.

My cock was slick with her saliva as she sucked strongly at my shaft, trying to draw out my cum. She was making good progress. "Oh shit," I breathed with pleasure.

She bobbed up and down on my shaft, driving me in and out of her mouth with wild abandon. She brushed her hair from her face as it flew about. Then she pulled the straps of her nightie down off her shoulders, revealing her full firm breasts.

"Damn," I sighed with pleasure.

She worked the shaft up and down with her fist and lips as she cupped one of her tits with her other hand. Then, she lifted up until just the head was between her lips, cupped her other breast in her other hand, and came forward wrapping both of her tits around my hard slick shaft.

"Oh shit," I groaned.

As mom lifted her mouth from my cock, she held it with her tits squeezed tight around it. She moved her breasts up and down with her hands. They were all natural and just loose enough to slide up and down my cock a few inches on each stroke. They were warm and so very soft.

As the head appeared and disappeared between my mother's breasts, I looked at her and said, "Oh my god, that feels so good, Mom!"

She smiled and asked, "You like that? You like fucking Mommy's titties?"

I nodded as the pleasure built inside of me. I knew it wouldn't be long and I wanted to savor every moment. I groaned, "Keep doing that, Mom."

She didn't falter, stroking my cock expertly between her breasts. "Are you going to come for me, Sweetheart?"

Unable to speak I just nodded as my thighs tingled and I felt the cum race up my shaft.

"Be a good Son and come for Mommy," Mom urged. Then, still stroking my cock with her breasts, she craned her neck down to suck the head between her lips just as the first blasts of cum erupted from my prick.

Huge jets of cream blasted from me directly into my mother's mouth. "Oh Mom, take my cum," I encouraged.

She didn't say a word as I filled her mouth with my seed. Then she swallowed. She swallowed several more times, taking every last drop, milking my cock into her hungry mouth until it began to slowly deflate between her lips.

"Oh Mom, that was so good", I sighed, overcome with pleasure.

Mom slurped her lips off my cock and, her mouth still holding some of my cum, reached for her glass. Tilting her head back, Mom swallow the last of my load as well as the last of her adult beverage. Finally, she said, "I can't believe I just did that... to my own son."

I couldn't tell if she was more turned on or embarrassed, but before I could say anything, she pulled up the straps of her nightie and hurried off upstairs.

* * *

The next morning, I awoke with a boner after a really hot dream about fucking the shit out of my own mother. Though I knew it was wrong, I couldn't help it. After everything that had happened, I knew I had to have her. I knew she would be happy if only she would stop resisting the urge that I knew she felt as much as I did. She needed a good fuck and I was just the man to give it to her. How to make that happen; I didn't know. I just hoped that continuing to push the issue would get me there; doing that had gotten me all the way to a blowjob the previous night, after all.

I pulled on my boxers, since it was Monday and I knew Dad had already left for work. I made my way to the kitchen. My cock was still hard, having not diminished a bit since I had woken. I fed it through the slot in my boxers and boldly left it there as I walked downstairs. I was nervous to do that, but I felt emboldened at the same time.

"How do you want your eggs this morning," Mom said to me without turning around as she heard me enter the kitchen. She pulled the eggs and milk from the refrigerator and put them on the counter.

When I didn't reply immediately, she turned around and looked at me. Her eyes grew wide when she saw my hard cock protruding obscenely from the opening in my boxers, pulsing and throbbing with desire. She looked back up at my face and asked, almost frantically, "Steve, what the fuck are you doing?"

I smiled and chuckled. I said, "I'm just letting my dick breathe free. Is that a problem?" I moved toward her, reaching for her hand.

She took a step back and said, "Oh my god, you have got to get upstairs and change into some clothes right now!"

I was confused. I said, "But I thought, after last night, we might-"

Speaking quickly and softly she said, "Steve, I can't have your father find-"

"He's not going to," I cut her off.

She looked at me incredulously. She replied, "He will if he comes in and catches you in your boxers with your big dick sticking out of it."

"What are you talking about? It's Monday. Dad's at work?"

"He took the day off for his doctor's appointment!" she reminded me frantically.

"Oh fuck," I gasped, realizing the gravity of the situation. My cock was still hard, despite the fear. It was what I call super-hard, which takes a minute or two to even start to deflate after I stop being turned on, so I knew I was in trouble. I moved quickly from the kitchen, through the corner of the living room to the stairs. I listened quickly to try to hear where Dad might be. I couldn't hear anything as I started up the stairs.

Dad came out of his bedroom and headed toward me. He didn't see me yet, but he would have in less than two seconds.

I knew that Dad would be able to see me retreating down the stairs before I could duck out of sight, so instead, I grabbed the railing and jumped over. I landed on the carpet and rolled into the living room.

The sounds of Dad's footsteps were subtle, but I could tell he was already making his way down the steps. The only way out of his sightline was in front of the couch. So, as quietly as possible, I moved into the living room and laid down on the carpet in front of the couch.

As Dad came downstairs, I knew that he wouldn't be able to see me if he headed to the kitchen, but if he, instead, headed for his spot on the couch, I'd be busted. So, I quickly tried to come up with an excuse. I was drawing a blank.

Thankfully, Dad's footsteps led to the kitchen where he said, "Bitch? What the fuck?"

"What the fuck is your problem?" she asked him. She was tired of his bullshit.

As I peeked over the couch, I saw the back of Dad's head. He hadn't entered the kitchen, so I knew he'd see me if I tried to make it up the stairs. Crouching there, I waited, stuffing my, finally, limp dick into my boxers.

"You came down here thirty minutes ago and you haven't even cracked a fucking egg!" he shouted at her as he moved into the kitchen.

As I moved toward the stairs, Mom replied, "What the fuck would you be saying if I had cooked your eggs thirty minutes ago?"

"Well, I'm here now. Get to crackin'!" Dad said as I reached the top of the stairs and headed for my bedroom.

* * *

When I got home from work that night, I came in and found my parents in a heated argument. They were sitting on the living room couch, on opposite sides, shouting back and forth at each other.

The first words I could make out was Dad shouting, "I work all fucking day, while you sit around here on your fat ass; the least you could do is get me a fucking beer!"

Mom shouted back at him, "I'm not your fucking slave! Besides, you didn't even go to work today!"

"That's not the point, you stupid bitch," Dad shouted back at her. "I am the man of this fucking house. I pay the bills! Now get me a fucking beer!"

Mom was unmoved as she replied back at the same volume, "I do plenty around here and I'm going on casting calls all the time trying to get a job. I work just as hard as you."

"Bullshit!" Dad hollered. "You're just a lazy fucking cunt; that's all there is to it. Maybe when Steve gets home, he'll get me one. He's the only one that gives me any fucking respect around here."

Hearing my name mentioned made me very uncomfortable. They didn't know I had come in the house. I stayed near the back door, ready to push it open and closed to let them know I was here, but I didn't in that moment. I just listened.

Mom laughed at that and then said, "He doesn't respect you. He's scared of you."

"Same thing!" Dad declared.

"No, it's not. And how about you give me a little respect?"

"Do something to deserve it and I will," he challenged.

"Asshole!"

"I'm the asshole? Look in the fucking mirror!" he told her. Then he added softly but plenty loud for all to hear, with a shake of his head and a slight chuckle, "You're such a cunt!"

"Fuck you!" she dismissed with a wave of her hand.

Seeing that the argument had basically ended, I opened and closed the back door again. This time, they heard me.

Dad said, "Steve, is that you? Can you grab me a beer?"

"Sure," I told him as I went to the fridge, took a beer out, and walked it over to him.

Dad was wearing his normal tee-shirt and jeans while Mom was wearing a purple version of her pink nightie, the only difference being the color.

Instead of thanking me, which he never did, he asked, "You and your Mom have another movie on tonight?"

Was that a trick question? Treading carefully, I said, "Maybe. I'll have to check. I think so."

He nodded. "Good," he declared. "Maybe I can get some sleep tonight with the bed all to myself for a little while."

"Hey, if you like sleeping alone all night, that can be arranged," she told him, with daggers shooting from her eyes.

"Sounds good to me," he replied with a wave of his hand.

Mom was fuming as I went to sit down in the loveseat and watch television, like I usually did. This time, she was not content to just take that from Dad, however. She stood up and, as she headed upstairs, she announced, "I'll sleep down here tonight and I won't even set foot upstairs until morning."

Dad muttered, "Stupid fucking bitch!"

I considered following Mom upstairs, but I didn't want to make Dad suspicious. Besides, seemed to me like I'd have plenty of time to talk to her after Dad went to bed.

It wasn't more than three minutes and Mom was back downstairs with an armful of stuff. There was a blanket, a pillow, and her toothbrush among other items. She had been very serious.

Making a big show if it, Mom slammed her armload down on the couch in the spot where she normally sat. Then she turned toward me and sat on the loveseat beside me. I sat on the left side, so she sat to my right.

Dad acted unfazed and turned up the volume on the television, not even looking over in our direction. He took a swig of his beer, shook his head, smiled, leaned back, and relaxed.

"Your dad is an ass," Mom muttered to me.

"I know," I whispered back, ensuring that Dad couldn't hear me.

After a moment more, Mom got up and headed for the kitchen. Since Dad didn't even look up, I watched her go. I couldn't help but study her ass as she walked away. I couldn't see much but it seemed that she wasn't wearing her frilly pink panties. It made me wonder what she had on under that nightie.

A few minutes later Mom returned with a large adult beverage, of which she drank about a quarter before she even sat down beside me.

After watching TV for about fifteen minutes, Mom put her drink on the end table and leaned into my shoulder.

Unable to believe my luck I went with it and put my arm around her shoulders. I made sure not to accidentally touch her breasts in case Dad glanced over.

Mom rested her head on the side of my chest as I held her with my arm. She pulled her feet up onto the couch to her right, leaning even more into me.

I rocked to my left onto the soft arm of the loveseat to let her, basically, lay down against my side. I regretted that I hadn't changed out of my work clothes but felt it was too late. I didn't want to disturb her to go change.

It was still early in the evening and there were a couple hours of television left to watch before Dad would go upstairs, I realized. As I was trying to decide what to do, Mom fell asleep.

***

A couple hours later, when the news was halfway over, Dad turned off the television, leaving the light very dim in the room, and headed upstairs. He didn't look at us or say a single word. It was an aggressive thing to do but I actually didn't mind. I would have liked something to drown out any sounds I might make but I didn't really care what was on television anyway.

I let Mom sleep as I listened to Dad in the bathroom and then close the door to his bedroom.

She didn't even stir.

With my left hand I reached across and pushed the right spaghetti strap off her shoulder. When she didn't wake, with my left hand, I slowly peeled the top of her nighty down to reveal her big right breast. Caressing gently with my fingers, I thrilled to the feel of the very soft flesh of her tit, moving gently and slowly.

Though her nipple was flat when I started, it quickly grew and hardened as I caressed her. She continued to sleep.

I palmed her tit, feeling the hard nub bore into my palm and then rolled the nipple between my fingers. After a moment, I moved my fingers to the inside of her right breast, her breastbone, and then tucked my fingers into her nighty to cup her left tit.

Mom moaned and shifted under my caresses. Then she woke and looked down at my hand caressing her breasts.

My cock throbbed with anticipation as I boldly fondled her tits, dropping my right hand down so I could roll each nipple at the same time. I braced myself for her reaction. I didn't know where her thoughts were, but I was just hoping for the best.

To my distress, Mom sat up, pulled away from me, grabbed her drink, and stood up. "Where's your father?"

"He went to bed," I informed her.

When she walked to the couch, I thought she was going upstairs but, instead, she grabbed the remote and turned the television back on, the sound of a random sitcom filling the little room.

Surprised, I sat up, on the edge of my seat, about to stand up, when Mom turned and looked at me. She drained half of the remaining drink in her glass, and put it down on the couch's cup holder, before coming right up to me, bending down, and kissing me.

I kissed her back despite being completely taken by surprise, the alcohol strong on her tongue. When she pushed back against me, her hands on my chest, I laid back on the loveseat. With my ass on the edge, I was able to lean back quite a bit before the seatback stopped me.

Mom knelt between my legs as she ran her hands down my chest. She grabbed my belt and unhooked it with expert skill. She then unhooked and unzipped my work slacks. "Take these off," she instructed as she reached to my ankles, grabbed my pants, and stood back up, attempting to pull them off.

I lifted my ass off the couch enough for her to get my pants down my legs. My boxers trailed behind, but I didn't mind.

She took ahold of the waistband of my boxers and pulled them and my pants down and off my feet, my shoes having been kicked off an hour earlier.

Dressed only in my work shirt and my socks, I leaned back, my cock as hard as a rock, pulsing strongly as it bobbed and swayed between us.

Mom, again on her knees, came up and in one motion swallowed my long hard cock down her warm wet silken throat.

"Oh shit," I moaned with pleasure.

Mom didn't reply but instead began slowly stroking her lips up and down my prick.

My cock was fully hard, and I was afraid I was going to come without too much prompting. I didn't want that, so I tried to distract myself from the amazing sensation of her soft full lips travelling wetly up and down my rod. "Oh, Mom," I groaned.

Lifting her head from my dick, she looked at me, lust glazing her eyes. "You're gonna get it now, young man!" she declared as she stood up. Reaching down to her hips she grabbed a handful of material and lifted her nighty up and off, revealing her entire body to my hungry eyes.

I nearly came right there. Her body was everything I knew it was from her flashing me and her swimming in that bikini of hers. Still, she was right in front of me, completely nude.

"Have you been a good boy?" she asked me as she reached down and pushed my knees closer together.

"Yes Ma'am," I told her reflexively, calling her ma'am for the first time in years.

As she walked forward and climbed onto the loveseat, a knee on either side of me, she asked, "Is this what you want?"

Unable to think of anything better to say, I replied, "Yes Ma'am."

She smiled at me as she reached behind herself, down below her ass, and grabbed my hard throbbing dick. She placed the head of my cock against her pussy. "Mommy wants it too," she mewled as she sat herself down.

I groaned with pleasure, unable to say what I really wanted to, as the lips of her pussy parted around the head of my cock and slowly slid down to the neck. "Oh Mom," I finally moaned.

"Yes Son?" she asked as she lifted up and then back down, the head of my cock delving deeper into her hot wet cunt.

"Fuck me," I urged her without thinking. I didn't move my hips at all. It was hard enough to try to hold back my orgasm without actually fucking her.

After a few more strokes, driving her pussy farther and farther down my shaft, she asked "You like mommy's pussy?"

I looked into her eyes and said, "Yes Ma'am!"

She smiled back at me. "Your cock feels wonderful," she breathed. "You are such a big strong man."

I knew I wasn't that big or strong, so I knew she really was talking about my cock. Of course, I didn't give a shit, as long as she kept fucking me. So, I asked, "You like that cock?"

"Oh yes," she breathed as she sank lower and lower on each long slow stroke. Then, when she finally sat full on my dick, the head pulsing against the deepest point of her fuck hole, she said, "You are completely filling Mommy's cunt! Did you know that?"

"Mmm hmm," I replied, feeling my orgasm very close indeed.

Mom rose and fell twice more, sliding her cunt up and down the entire length of my thick prick, before I couldn't hold back any longer. When she felt the cum blasting from my cock deep inside of her, she lustfully murmured, "So warm!"

As I groaned in orgasm, I was surprised that she continued to fuck me. She rode atop my dick faster and faster, fucking my cock as it came and then still fucking it after all the cum had been drained out. To my surprise, my prick did not go down. It normally stayed hard for a while afterward, but I soon realized that my cock had moved on to round two without ever going down.

"Oh my fucking God," Mom groaned. "I'm getting close. Your dad would have been done by now," she told me as she bounced faster and faster on my cock.

I smiled at that. I knew I had come quick and I could feel the cum coating my balls as it washed out of her cunt on each stroke, but I was so proud that I was still hard and that she was about to come on my cock that I didn't worry about it.

"That's it," Mom shouted as she fell onto me, holding me tight, with her mouth against my ear.

Hoping that she wouldn't shout again but wanting to make it good for her I wrapped my arms around her and, with my feet on the floor, fucked my cock up into her coming cunt. I could feel her fuck-hole contract tightly around my dick as she came.

Mom whispered into my ear, "Oh yes, that's it. Mommy's coming on your cock. Oh God yes. Oh fuck! Ahhh."

I held her tight as she came, her juices mixing with mine and coating my entire crotch. Her body tensed, trembled, and then, finally, collapsed on top of me.

When her breathing finally slowed she said, "You are so much better than your father! Your cock is still hard?"

"Yes," I whispered back.

"Fuck me!" she commanded.

I tried to move my hips up against her, but she had all her weight pressing down against me.

She shook her head and lifted up to look down at me. "Not like this. Put me in whatever position you want. I don't have the strength for this one."

I sat up with Mom still on my lap, my long hard cock fully inside of her cunt, and, with my hands on her back, I laid her down on the floor in front of the couch. I was just strong enough to manage to do that with Mom's light frame.

Laying her head back, her long black hair splayed out across the thick carpet, she smiled up at me. "You are such a good boy," she told me.

I began working my hips, slithering my cock in and out of her dripping snatch, as I told her, "I can't believe I'm really fucking you."

She nodded, "You are! You are really fucking your own mother."

My hands cupped her big tits and I sucked strongly at her nipples as I fucked her. I was in heaven, the silky texture of her slick cunt against my sensitive prick sending tingles of pleasure through me.

"That's it, give it to me, Steve," she cooed as my balls slapped against her ass on each stroke.

Still in a bit of disbelief that I was actually on top of my very own mother, I groaned in pleasure and drove myself in and out of her sopping wet cunt faster and harder with each stroke. The sound of my hips slapping against hers was disguised somewhat by the sound coming from the television.

"That's a good son," she muttered to me. "Fuck your mother. Make her come again."

"Yes Ma'am," I whispered as I began slamming my hard cock deeply inside of her, our fuck fluids sloshing loudly between us. I hooked my hands under her back and hooked my fingers onto her shoulders to hold her firmly against me.

"Oh shit," Mom groaned into my ear as I laid my head down beside hers, looking down at the carpet.

When I felt her cunt begin to clasp tightly around my rampant prick, I let my second orgasm go. My thighs tingled as I released my cum deep within her cunt.

As Mom repeatedly convulsed beneath me and grunted in orgasm she managed to gasp, "Yes! Give Mommy your cum!"

All I could do was pant in pleasure as I emptied my balls into her. I stroked my dick in and out of her slowly, savoring the feel of filling her with my cream.

Mom clasped strongly to me as we came together.

I laid there on top of her for what seemed like an hour until, finally, I lifted myself and looked down at her. My head was completely clear, though a bit sleepy. I was happy over what had just happened but also apprehensive of what Mom might say. I braced myself.

"That," Mom slowly began, "Was. Amazing!"

I smiled down at her. "Yeah?" I prompted, my limp dick still stuffed inside her fuck-hole.

She nodded up at me. "I've never been with a man that can come twice like that. You lasted so long I managed to come twice too. I don't think I've ever been fucked like that."

"Good," was all I could think to respond.

"You're such a good son," she told me as she reached up and ran her fingers through my hair like she always did. "You made Mommy very happy."

* * *

The next morning, I woke to my mother pushing my shoulder back and forth. "Wake up, Sleepy Head!"

"Hmm?" I asked as I sat up and Mom put a breakfast tray across my lap.

Mom was wearing only her white silk robe, but it wasn't belted closed. Her big breasts pushed the fabric aside giving me full view of them as well as her flat stomach and smoothly waxed pussy, as she stood beside my bed. She chuckled a bit and said, "I'm not surprised you're so sleepy after last night."

I nodded and smiled at her as I looked her up and down.

"Well, you eat your breakfast, regain your strength, and meet me in the back yard when you're done," she said. Then she turned and walked out without another word.

I had mixed feelings at that point. I had spent so much effort in pursuing my mother that it shocked me how much her attitude had changed. I had been the hunter for so long, but I was starting to feel like the hunted.

Putting my concerns aside, I ate breakfast. It was delicious. Mom sure knew how to cook. By the time I was done I found my desire returning.

I smiled to myself as my cock rose at the thought of what had happened last night and what else might happen with my mother.

Mom was outside, sitting on her blanket in the grass. When she spotted me at the sliding glass door, she smiled at me and gestured me over. I wore only my boxers while Mom wore her bikini.

After I ventured outside and walked toward her, she handed me the bottle of sunscreen. She said, "Be a good son and give me a massage with that sunscreen so I don't burn."

"Yes Ma'am," I replied. When I had been pursuing her, I hadn't called her that. However, she had taken charge. As such, I had reverted to calling her ma'am without even noticing. In that moment, I finally noticed. I almost laughed at myself for that.

Then, as she turned and laid on her back, still looking at me, she said, "Oh, and once you are done, I might have something special for you. That's a good boy."

Promising me a reward for good behavior? Yes, she was in charge again. Naturally, I was intrigued by what sort of surprise she might have for me, so I wanted to get to work right away, but this was the first time she had presented her front to me. I hesitated.

Mom arched her back, pulled the bow behind her back, laid back down, lifted her head, and pulled her bikini top completely off. Lit by the rising sun, her beautiful full tanned breasts were a sight to behold.

I glanced around to make sure nobody could see us, though I already knew our privacy fence prevented that.

She smiled at me and said, "Well? Come on!"

The idea of having someone help you apply sunscreen was supposed to be because they could reach spots you couldn't reach. There was no pretense, real or concocted, that justified her needing me to apply her sunscreen for her. None, that is, except that she wanted to feel my hands on her, I realized. "Yes, ma'am."

She watched me with a little smile on her face as I quickly opened the sunscreen and began applying it to her body.

I began at her strong and svelte legs, making a circuitous approach up her body instead of the more daunting direct assault. I moved up, my hands covered in sunscreen, gliding across the warm skin of her firm flat stomach. When I reached her tits, they were so soft under my hands that my cock rose in my underwear to full attention.

As I rolled her nipples between my slick fingers she sighed, "Nice." Then she whispered, "That's a good boy." She pushed me up with her hands.

I was a bit startled that she would push me away, but I released her tits and sat back on my heels.

She reached down to her bikini bottom and pulled the little bows at her hips. She spread her legs a bit and flipped the front of her bikini down and off between her legs, revealing her pretty waxed pussy. It was red and puffy with excitement. She looked into my eyes and said, "After you put that sunscreen on my bikini area, why don't you show me what a good little mother fucker you are?"

Mom's words and the sight of her pussy in the morning sunlight inflamed my senses. She was so surprisingly bold that I hesitated for a moment, glancing around again. My hard cock poked through the slit in my boxers as I quickly deposited a small dollop of lotion in my palm. "Yes Ma'am," I replied as I quickly coated her hips and mound with sunscreen.

When I stopped spreading sunscreen and started struggling to get my boxers off, Mom taunted impatiently, "Come on, Steve. Show me what you can do."

When I finally got my boxers off by, with a little pain, bending down my hard cock, I knelt between her thighs. She pulled her legs up to hold them with her hands, spreading her thighs and lifting her ass off the towel, her crotch tilted up and spread open before me. I could plainly see her pussy was flowered open and covered in her dew, lit by the rising sun. I moved forward.

"You want that pussy?" she asked.

"Yes, Ma'am."

"Well, come and get it!" she told me, impatiently.

Pressing my hips forward, I slipped the head of my dick inside of my mother's waiting fuck-hole. It was wet and tight.

"Mmm," she purred. "Be a good boy and fuck the shit of out of your mother, okay?"

"Yes Ma'am," I replied as I moved even closer and pressed my entire cock deep inside of her. She was so wet that her soft tight tunnel glided easily along my shaft. The feeling of her soft pussy lips around the base of my shaft sent a sexy chill through me which combined with the electric thrill coming from all along my prick.

"Oh yeah," she breathed.

I slowly pulled out and then stroked back in, her tight wet cunt sending tingles of pleasure through my body. "Oh, Mom," I groaned.

"Give it to me, Son," she ordered, giving herself, and me, the taboo thrill of calling me that.

I began stroking in and out of her tight wet pussy, my cock tingling on each stroke. Harder and harder I fucked, the wet sloshing sounds of sex, my dick fucking her wet cunt, was soon drowned out by the slapping sounds of my abdomen against the backs of her thighs.

"Yes! Fuck it!" Mom urged between sexy grunts.

I put my hands on her tits and leaned forward to give myself a good angle and good leverage to drive my cock deep into my mom over and over again. The tingling along my prick spread to my balls and my thighs as I fucked her deep and hard.

"Yes, give it to me you little mother fucker! Make me come!" she cried out, her eyes blazing with an intensity I had not seen before. It wasn't a request; it was a fucking order.

In the back of my mind I was hoping that nobody heard her but, as my orgasm approached, my mind was primarily focused on driving my prick in and out of my mother's sweet cunt. I fucked her harder and harder, the slapping sounds loud and unmistakable to anyone that might have heard it.

As my mother cried out in orgasm, I rammed my cock deep inside of her quivering hole and blasted my cum deep inside of her body. "Yes," she hissed, "fill me up!"

I fell on top of her as she released her legs and relaxed under my weight. I rose on my elbows, so I didn't completely crush her, as I jammed my hips tight against her. My cock lodged deep inside of her body; my balls finished draining into her cunt. "Oh Mom," I finally sighed.

"That's a good boy," she cooed softly into my ear, as she wrapped her arms around me. She then sighed contentedly and mumbled, "That's a good little mother fucker."