A Naked Truth
byChrisGeyser©
I opened my eyes -- I was lying down, on my left side, and someone was pressing something against my head. People seemed worried around me. I tried to move and stand up, but the person crouching next to me pushed me down. "No, don't move, the paramedics are coming." I frowned, trying to understand what was going on. Some things were escaping me -- how I'd come to be there, what had just happened -- and yet at the same time I felt perfectly lucid as I explained to the person next to me where to find my driver's license (in my wallet, rear left pocket), and how to unlock my phone to call my mother (swipe this way, then this way). I was still in a haze when the ambulance arrived. I was put on a stretcher and finally taken to the ER.

About six hours later, I walked out, Mom by my side. It was late afternoon, and I had eventually managed to puzzle together the little bits I could remember of the events of the morning. I had been cycling back home, following my usual route, when a delivery guy in a parked van had opened his door without checking for traffic. I had no recollection of the actual moment, but I guess I ended up flying through the air and hitting my head against the sidewalk -- leaving me with half-a-dozen stitches at the back of my head and a concussion. Nothing too serious, luckily -- even if, for the coming week and to be on the safe side, I had to avoid any significant exercise, as well as avoid being alone in the event of possible dizziness.

The timing couldn't have been worse: my friends and I were supposed to go the very next day for a whole week of canyon adventuring, something that was obviously very much out of question now. Tagging along was not even an option, so basically, my vacation was a no-go.

I had come to this conclusion while trying to munch through a plate of potatoes in a diner located a stone's throw from the hospital. Since I had not eaten anything since the morning (thanks to my little accident), I was ravenous -- and at the same time discovering that my jaw muscles on the left side of my face were painfully clenched, which rendered chewing particularly uncomfortable. Then Mom, who had listened patiently to my complaints, surprised me:

"Chris, listen. Okay, it sucks, you won't be able to go, I get it. But we've got to think first of you getting better."

"Hey, I'm fine, I mean, except for the head, I haven't hurt anything," I shrugged.

She continued. "Yeah, right. I heard the doctor, and I don't want you to do anything foolish. So since there's no canyon trip for you next week, you're going to come with me and Julie to the lake house. This way, I'll keep an eye on you and make sure you get all the rest you need."

"But Mom..."

"No 'but Mom' there, mister. You've had a close call there, consider yourself lucky. And you'd better get yourself a helmet before you go riding that bicycle again."

I sighed, recognizing defeat when I saw it. She was right -- even through my disappointment, I couldn't deny that. So I accepted, reluctantly, and went back to painfully trying to chew my food.

*****

I woke up with a start, and it took me a few seconds before things came floating back to me. I sat up, wincing. I was glad to be awake -- glad to be alive, in fact. I had gone to bed the night before a little worried about what could happen during my sleep, and realizing there had been no reason to be concerned, was the first good news of the day. I still had a major headache, but that was to be expected. I looked at the clock and took a deep breath. I had some time before we were supposed to leave for the lake house, but I had some packing to do this morning.

The lake house was a small wooden bungalow that Julie's family owned upstate, and where we had been to a few times in the past. Julie was Mom's best friend since college, and I had always considered her as part of the family. To be honest, going there wasn't too much of a drag, now that I had got over my disappointment. It was a nice, remote place, and even if it was lacking in terms of high-speed Internet, the idea of spending a week being cared for didn't sound so bad after all.

I got out of bed and started selecting some clothes -- the place could get a little chilly at night. As an afterthought, I also threw in my swimming shorts, though I doubted I'd get much action in that department, considering my current state. I packed my Kindle and laptop, added the necessary assortment of chargers and adapters, and I was more or less done.

I was checking up on the latest news online, when Julie arrived to pick us up. There was no mistaking Julie, even from upstairs -- Julie had an expansive personality, which often made her the life of the party. Mom used to tell me how she was the shy one, and Julie was the one always up to no good, which had always had me wonder a little about how wild they might have been during their college years. I liked Julie; she was fun and flirty, but deep down I knew she also was a good person, and she had more than once been an understanding shoulder when my love life wasn't doing great.

I went downstairs and graciously faced the expected questioning about the accident. I tried to be reassuring and downplayed things a little, while Mom explained that the concussion was something to be taken seriously, and that I had to be kept under surveillance over the next few days. When Julie joked that she was more than willing to take care of me with a saucy wink, Mom rolled her eyes, and we all headed out in good spirits.

The drive there was uneventful -- Mom and Julie were chatting together in the front, checking on me once in a while, while I was at the back, listening to my iPod while absentmindedly looking at the landscape rushing by outside. We stopped for lunch at a diner close to the lake, did some shopping at the nearby store, and eventually got to the bungalow early afternoon. We settled down quickly, rediscovering the familiar rooms and listing the few improvements that had been made along the years. Soon, we were enjoying the warm afternoon on the deck at the back, Mom and Julie sampling the temperature of the lake while I was reading on the deck chair.

I looked up from my book, taking in the lovely, quiet panorama. The sun was low and bathed everything in a warm light, giving a magical feel to it all. Mom and Julie were drying themselves off, and Julie noticed me looking in their direction.

"Hey, no peeking, mister!" she said jokingly, and I shook my head, resigned to having to endure this kind of banter over the next few days. To be honest, they looked good in their bikinis -- both were in their late forties and were women with curves. They clearly looked after themselves and would probably have made more than one head turn had we been on the beach. I smiled and returned to my book. True, it was a shame I had to give up on the canyon trip, but this alternative wasn't bad at all.

By the evening, my opinion on the matter was much less positive. For some reason, Julie seemed bent on teasing me, and her witty remarks had made me blush on numerous occasions. Some compliments I had already heard (and didn't really take seriously), as I said, she was pretty much part of the family. Growing up, I had received my fair share of praise from her, something that had become some kind of a flirting game when I turned twenty. That doesn't mean I was entirely comfortable with it -- I was definitely struggling with self-confidence issues, and I received any kind of praise with a fair share of wariness, wondering if there was not biting sarcasm hidden beneath the nice words.

The mood was light and friendly, so I wasn't unduly worried about that last part. But Julie (being Julie) was loud and entertaining and definitely on the prowl, eliciting exasperated eye rolling from my mother, and half-successful attempts at repartee from myself. I ended up cutting short the after-dinner chat and called it an early night.

*****

I woke up wincing the next morning. I had only a light headache now, and the muscles in my jaw had eventually loosened up, but my left hip and shoulder felt sore and I had a large, purple welt on my right calf. I showered and went to the kitchen to grab breakfast. Mom soon joined me, later followed by Julie, who had obviously just stepped out of the shower, since she was wearing only a short towel wrapped around her. The towel kept slipping, letting me catch more than a glimpse of cleavage, and I couldn't shake the impression that she was putting on a show for me. Mom seemed oblivious to that, brushing it off as just another of Julie's antics, and it is true she was fooling around in her usual way, but more than once I felt she was watching me and gauging my reaction. I played along, but was still puzzled about how much show there was in that.

A little later, around eleven, as Julie was sunbathing on the deck, I took the opportunity to talk about it with Mom as we were putting together a light salad and sandwiches for lunch.

"Julie seems to be in a very good mood..." I mentioned, innocently.

"Hmm, you think so?" Mom seemed dubious.

"Wait, that's not the case?"

"I don't know. She broke up with Steve a couple of weeks back, and it was tough on her at the beginning."

"Oh, I didn't know."

"Yeah, it hit her hard, but she doesn't like to show much. That's usually when she gets the loudest and the silliest, kind of a coping mechanism. Maybe it's a way for her to convince herself that she should be like that, until she actually is, see what I mean?"

"Putting on an act, until the act is an act no more?"

"Something like that, yeah. But I think the worst is over now."

"She sure is flirty though."

"Oh, you noticed? (Mom giggled) She was genuinely happy when I told her you'd be joining us for this little... escapade. She does like you, you know?"

"You mean -- like me, like me?" I frowned.

"What do you mean, baby?"

"I don't know, there was a strange vibe this morning, the thing with the towel and all."

"You know how foolish she can get."

"True, but she's always been more talk than action, if you see what I mean. This felt... different."

"You may be right. But maybe she's just trying to convince herself she's still sexy, you know?"

"Mm hmm"

"Why, did it make you uncomfortable?"

"Not really, it was just... unexpected, that's all." An idea popped up in my head, and I smiled.

"What is it, Chris?" Mom asked, curious. "What's funny?"

"Oh, nothing, just a silly idea."

"Please share."

I shook my head. "I don't know, it's a stupid thing."

"Come on, baby," she pressed on.

I took a deep breath. "Okay. I thought that maybe I should kind of double down on her move, you know?"

Mom frowned. "What do you mean?"

"I don't know, really -- as I said, it's just a random idea. But you see, she's being flirty and all, so why not push it a little further, and make something like a dare?"

"Hmm, I think I get what you're hinting at. But what would you have in mind?"

I smiled. "Well, I don't think strutting around with a towel around my waist is going to cut it."

"Why not?"

"Because it's too obvious, that's all. She's going to see it for what it is right away. We must think of something else... something more... radical."

"More radical than the just-out-of-the-shower look?"

I nodded. "Yeah."

"There's not much wiggle room there, you know Chris. Unless you're considering going in the nude..."

"That's it!"

"What? I don't understand."

"Why not dare her try the nudist thing?"

She laughed. "Yeah, right. So your plan is to ask her to go around naked?"

"No, no, no. The plan is to say we all go naked, and we'll see how she manages to get out of that one."

Mom thought about that for a moment. "Hmm, yes, that could be fun."

"There's only a problem, though."

"What is it?"

"Well, if I'm the one proposing that, she'll be able to shrug it off right away. You know, saying that I'm just asking that to get an eyeful and all."

She smiled, and asked. "Are you?"

I rolled my eyes. "Mom, this is just to play a prank on her and see her squirm, that's all. We're not actually going to get naked."

"I know, baby, I'm just pulling your leg. But you've got a point with that. So what do you suggest?"

"What if you were the one telling her?"

"Me?"

"Yes. I mean, you're supposed to be the reasonable one, so how can she back out of something you'd be considering doing?"

"Hmm, maybe. But..."

"But what?"

"What if she says yes?"

I frowned. "What if she says yes?"

"Yes, what if she's okay with it? What are we going to do? Because you know, she could be okay with it."

"Oh, right." I paused, considering things over. "Yeah, you might be right. (I shook my head) I told you, it was a stupid idea. Forget it."

Mom smiled. "Agreed, it's a silly idea..."

"What's that silly idea you should forget?"

I nearly jumped. Julie was there, standing by the door. Mom and I looked at each other guiltily, wondering what to do next. Julie came to the kitchen table, eyeing us both.

"Hmm, what have you two been plotting together?"

"No-nothing," I replied.

"Come on, don't tell me it's nothing when you two look like you've been caught the hand in the cookie jar. So, Maddie, what was this silly idea of yours?"

Mom blushed. "Nothing, Jules, really. We were just chatting."

"So don't keep it from me, please share. Or I'm going to think you're badmouthing me behind my back. Come on, spill it."

Mom smiled, and shaking her head, said: "Okay, okay. It's just a silly thing, really."

"So you keep telling," Julie interrupted.

I looked at Mom, kind of worried about what she was going to say.

She took a breath. "I was telling Chris that maybe we should make the most of this place, and considering there's nobody around, get rid of our clothes altogether and work on our tan. But Chris thought you would be, maybe, embarrassed and all, so... so that's the big secret."

Mom flashed a big, innocent smile, and looked at Julie. I couldn't believe she had actually said it, and no sooner than she had I felt the ground open below me when I heard Julie reply.

"Wow, that's actually a great idea. Though (she winked at me), I wonder if Chris really thought I was going to be embarrassed... or if he was more like trying to look for an excuse for himself."

"Me? No, I-, never..." I stammered.

"So you're game?" Julie asked me, defiant.

"Oh, sure," I replied, trying to look nonchalant.

"Good, then, let's do it!" said Julie, and she started undoing the top of her bikini. I stared at Mom, my eyes wide, nearly shaking my head in disbelief, and she replied with an imperceptible shrug, as if to say "what was I to say?"

But that silent exchange was immediately interrupted by Julie.

"Hey, you two -- don't just stand there like that, you have to get undressed too. I'm not getting naked all by myself here, chop-chop."

I looked at Mom.

"Chris, don't look at your mother, she's the one who suggested it. Or are you chickening out?"

After putting Mom and me in this situation, there was no way I wasn't going to follow through so I shrugged and took off my t-shirt. And I kept thinking how, really, it had been a stupid idea...

*****

As expected, our first moments naked were awkward. Julie was brazenly showing off, while Mom and I were trying to figure out what to do with our arms, in a feeble attempt to remain somewhat modest.

"Ahh, this is soo much better!" said Julie, stretching her back and giving me a wink. Things could have taken an embarrassing turn, if Mom hadn't shown some quick thinking, handing Julie the pile of discarded clothes.

"Sure, but now Chris and I have to finish preparing the brunch, so why don't you take all this and put it in our respective rooms, will you?"

"Yes, Mom," Julie replied with a mock salute, and still smiling broadly, left us alone in the kitchen.

I let out a sigh: "So that turned out well..."

Mom shook her head. "I told you that was a risky plan..."

"But Mom, why did you have to tell her? You could have thought of something else!"

"Sorry, baby! But I was drawing a blank, and she was pressing me, and... and I guess I freaked out. But you didn't say anything, mister 'I'm not trying to get an eyeful'. I saw you staring at her tits."

"I wasn't staring! And she was nearly pushing them into my face, what was I to do? Look away? Don't you think that would have just encouraged her?"

"You're probably right, there. (she sighed) So we're stuck with that, I suppose. It's a good thing we didn't spend much time packing..."

I looked at Mom, struck by the incongruity of her remark. She smiled back, and all of a sudden we were both overcome with giggles. For me, that broke some of the tension I was feeling, and even if there was something troubling about being naked with my mother in the small kitchen, I did my best to focus on the mundane task of preparing the food.

When Julie came back to help us set the table on the deck, I had almost moved past this first embarrassment, and was secretly glad my cock had remained in a decent state. We sat down for lunch, and this is where things became complicated for me.

Maybe it was the fact that I wasn't busy with anything anymore, or that they were both facing me, and since we were chatting I had to look at them -- the result was simple: despite my prior protestation, I *was* getting an eyeful of generous, naked breasts, and that didn't leave me indifferent. And while the table was, for the time being, hiding this unwanted reaction, I knew that was only a temporary respite.

So I tried to focus on other things, looking towards the lake as often as I could without raising suspicion, and gradually my cock started to soften. By the end of the meal, it was still in an engorged state, but nothing that would appear too oblivious. That had been a close call.

We quickly cleared the dishes, and while the ladies were happily chatting over a cup of tea, I excused myself and laid down on the lounge chair. The air was comfortably warm, I was protected by the sun and I could hear Mom and Julie talking a few feet behind me. I closed my eyes, and I dozed off.

*****

To be honest, I rarely take a nap. It's just not for me, I always end up feeling woozy and disoriented and not feeling particularly rested. I must have been particularly tired that day, and it's only Julie's expansive laugh that awoke me. Yet, I was in this strange place where you're still clinging to sleep, mind conscious but body nearly paralyzed. I had no idea how long I had slept, but Mom and Julie were still chatting somewhere behind me. I had the vague feeling that during my nap, I had gotten hard, but there was nothing I could do except hoping they hadn't noticed it. I tried to listen on.

"... too bad I didn't take a picture! You should have seen your faces..."

That was Julie. She carried on.

"So be honest, neither of you were expecting me to go along with it, right?"

Mom sighed. "Something like that, yes..."

"Oh come on! You should know me better, Maddie."

"I know, I know. But..."

"Oh, that's it! It was Chris's idea, right?"

"I guess it was, yeah..."

"Of course. And you didn't tell him that idea had a huge chance of backfiring on him?"

"I tried, and that's why we were saying it was a stupid idea. And that's when you came in, and asked us about it."

"I see. (a pause) But there's something I don't understand here, Maddie."

"Shoot."

"If you thought it was a bad idea, why did you go with it?"

"I don't know. I guess I freaked out when you barged in."

"Hmm."

"What?"

"I don't buy it."

"Why is that?"

"One: you don't often freak out, at least not with me. And two: since you knew I was going to run along with it, the only reason you told me about that idea, is that you thought it was a good one."
A Naked Truth
byChrisGeyser©
Mom must have shrugged: "Whatever. As you said, it backfired, so the joke is on us. So let's get it over and..."

"Why? I'm having way too much fun as it is, watching you both squirming and all. (she chuckled) But it makes me wonder..."

"Jules..."

"Yes, I wonder. Because you know, I could imagine Chris making this suggestion in the hope of seeing us both naked, which is perfectly normal for a guy. But from you..."

"What are you going to imagine now?"

"Well, since I suppose you're not trying to get to see me naked, there's only one conclusion..."

"Oh come on!"

"... and I understand completely. I mean, he's grown up to be a very handsome young man. How old is he again now?"

"23, but that's beyond the point."

"Why is that? Look at him, he's yummy. And don't tell me you haven't had that kind of thought. You never told me he had such a lovely cock..."

"Jules! He's my son!"

"There's no harm in looking, Maddie. Well, at least, that's what you used to say, before you turned into a prude. What was it again? Oh yeah -- 'no harm in looking, but it's so much better to taste', that's what you used to say."

"What is this, memory lane? Yes, we were young..."

"Come on -- who are you, and what did you do with my friend Maddie?"

"Ha ha, very funny."

"Remember our nicknames: CockTease and CreamQueen..."

"*You* decided on those names..."

"True, but I still think they were well-deserved," Julie giggled.

"Not so loud, Chris is sleeping," Mom urged her.

"No he's not. And not for a little while, too."

"What do you mean?"

"He did sleep, mind you - at the beginning. And he had this deep, regular breathing, you know, lighter than a snore, but definitely audible. And that's been gone for what, five minutes or so. So hey, Sleeping Beauty, since you're awake, care to join us?"

I was busted, but still, I tried to make my best impression of coming out from deep sleep -- not that I had to act much. I sat up on the lounge chair and turned towards the two ladies.

"So," joked Julie, "I suppose you didn't hear anything?"

"Erm, not really," I stuttered.

"Like mother, like son!" Julie chuckled. "Right, Maddie? There are things you don't see, and there are things he doesn't hear! What a pair you two make!"

"Ha ha, very funny, Jules," said Mom, walking to my side. "How are you feeling, baby?"

"Okay, I guess. I mean, I'm not used to taking naps, like that, so it's going to take me a minute to get my bearings, you know?"

"Well, it's normal for you to be tired, so don't worry about it. You're here to relax and to make sure everything is fine with you."

"Thanks, Mom, but I'm good," I said, and rose from the chair. Maybe it was too soon, or too fast, but all of a sudden my head was spinning, and I lost my balance. Things happened in a flash. I tried to catch myself, Mom tried to catch my arm, and all this panicky waving around ended with my finding back my balance thanks to a hand firmly pressing against one of her generous breasts. We froze.

Julie laughed out. "Good catch! I guess..."

I quickly took my hand away, and Mom helped me sit back down. "Jules, could you please take this seriously?"

"Sorry, Maddie, I couldn't help it. Seems your boy is a boob man, that's for sure!"

I blushed, and Mom scowled at Julie. But unfazed, she carried on: "Oh come on, Maddie, he's fine."

"Are you, baby?" Mom asked, concerned.

"Yeah, Mom, I'm okay. Just a little dizzy, and it's gone now." I stand up again, to reassure her -- nothing. "See? I'm good." I spun around, arms wide, just to show that I had regained my balance. Julie giggled.

"Careful with his hands, Maddie -- he's hoping for another grab and run!"

I sighed. "Jules, give me break. That was an accident, honest!"

"He's right, Julie," added Mom.

Julie chuckled and raised her arms, in mock despair. "Two on one, I surrender. But that won't change my mind, Maddie: this young guy is definitely a boob man, and he just got a free pass at copping a feel. Nicely done, Chris," she winked, and stepped inside the bungalow, leaving us.

There was an awkward silence. I noticed I was still hard, which was embarrassing, but luckily Mom appeared to be still concerned about me, and wasn't paying any attention to that.

"Don't worry about Jules, baby -- it's the way she is. She usually jokes even more when she's stressed out. I'm sure she was worried about you, and that it's her way to reassure herself that things are actually fine."

"I'm good, Mom. I kinda know her, remember? (I smiled) Sure, that was a little embarrassing, and I'm sorry for -- for this. Better get dressed back up to avoid it happening again..."

"Julie won't have it."

"Hmm?"

"We're sticking to the nudist thing for the moment. We'll hear Julie call us 'chicken' and worse without end over the next few days if we decided to cop out of this."

"Oh. You might be right there."

"Yeah. But it's not too bad, actually. (she smiled) Are you sure you're okay, baby?"

I nodded. Our conversation was interrupted by Julie, who was back with a towel and obviously headed for a swim. "Sorry love birds, just passing by," she joked.

Mom rolled her eyes, and turned back to me. Internally, I was still trying to wrap my head around what I had just heard.

"Yeah, I'm good, Mom, really. Now, excuse me, but I have to go to the bathroom."

I started to head inside, when Mom replied, startling me.

"I'm coming with you."

"What?"

"I'm not going to leave you unattended after the little episode you just had."

"Mom, I'm okay, really."

"Yeah, you're okay, until you're not. I'm not leaving alone."

"Mom, I can go to the bathroom by myself. What are you going to do, hold me up while I pee?" I snapped, a little annoyed.

"Baby, please. I know that's not easy with you, but we have to be careful. Okay, let's go at it this way: you don't lock the door, you do what you have to do, and I'll be just on the other side, and if you are dizzy again or something, you call me and I'll come and help you, okay?"

I mulled that for a moment. "Yeah, okay..." I reluctantly accepted.

I stepped in the bathroom reassured once more, Mom, standing in the corridor, her arms crossed across her heavy breasts making them bulge in a very enticing manner, and pushed the door closed behind me.

"I'm just here, Chris, remember?"

"Yeah, yeah," I replied, and silently let out a sigh. I sat down on the toilet seat, not wanting to make too much noise. This was getting ridiculous. I mean, I didn't mind being cared for or enjoying the perks of convalescence, but there were limits to that, and forfeiting nearly all privacy in this kind of moment felt like definitely going overboard. Thankfully, my cock had softened since waking up, so it didn't take too long for me to do what I had to do. I wiped myself, washed my hands, and stepped out of the bathroom.

"See Mom, no need to worry. I'm fine."

She smiled, patting me on the arm. "Better safe than sorry, baby."

*****

I spent the afternoon reading on the lounge chair, while Mom and Julie were taking a dip in the lake. From time to time, I looked up from my Kindle, curiosity piqued by a laugh or by some louder reaction. I wasn't a stranger to seeing Mom and Julie interact -- as I've said, Julie was practically family, but I hadn't spent much time home of late, so this felt both new and very familiar. And of course, that was the first time we were all naked together, even though strangely, that didn't feel like such a big deal at the moment. I turned to my book again.

"What are you reading, buster?"

I looked up, and here was Julie, standing over me, very purposely I assumed from my vantage point. I had a first-class view of her pussy, and higher, her breasts. I put my hand over my eyes, squinting and pretending I was blinded by the sun.

"Just some science-fiction book."

I shifted on the chair, so that I could actually look at her without having my face in her crotch. She noticed and smiled, and took a step back. From the corner of my eye, I saw Mom coming to join us, standing by my feet and drying herself off. Julie carried on.

"Oh yeah? I just don't know how you can read on that thing, but I've heard that's been a boon for books like 'Fifty Shades'..."

"Why is that?" Mom piped in.

"Because people don't see the cover of what you're reading, so there's no shame about reading the trashier stuff. Well, for 'Fifty Shades', that was true at the beginning, before it became such a hit. Can't see really why, it was really tame..." she giggled. "Anyways, it's been great for 'Mommy Porn', as they call it."

I smiled. "Maybe -- in my case, it's just because it's practical. You know, I always used to bring so many books along, and with this, I can have as many as I want while traveling light."

Julie chuckled. "Chris, the dandy of the twenty-first century."

"Eh, something like that."

"But you're sure you're not reading some smutty stuff, huh?"

She bent forward, trying to peek at my screen. I'm sure she was very much aware of how that also resulted in pushing her breasts in my direction. I decided to act as if I hadn't noticed, and just handed her the Kindle. "See for yourself..." I shrugged.

"Ah ha! I knew it... first word I see, and it's 'tit'! Maddie, your son is a pervert."

I grabbed the Kindle back, scanning the page. "Oh come on, Julie. It says 'tit for tat' here. So who's the pervert, really?"

She giggled, grabbed her towel, and said she was going to take a shower, making, as usual, something of a flamboyant exit. I looked at Mom, who had witnessed the whole exchange, and was grinning.

"Well, at least somebody is enjoying the show," I said.

Mom sat by my feet on the lounge chair. "Nice to see you can stand your ground with her. She can be such a bully at times."

"Yeah, I can imagine that. But maybe she has a soft spot for me."

"Oh, she has, that's for sure." She paused, her eyes far away, then continued. "Well, I'm going to prepare a light dinner, want to give me a hand?"

"Sure. Wait -- is that a ploy to keep me under surveillance again? I noticed how you were checking up on me earlier."

She shrugged. "Baby, I'm worried about you. That's how Moms are, you know? I can't help it. So, you're coming, or not?"

"Right behind you," I said, and stood up. My hip was still sore that earned me wince, but my head felt normal. And this time, I didn't lose my balance.

*****

We had dinner in the kitchen. The lake was a nice place, but it came with the drawback of having a rather exuberant insect life at night, and the patio was not really the best place to be if you wanted to avoid being bitten -- especially when all your skin was exposed. Mom and I had put together a nice salad and a range of side dishes (pickles, some guacamole, a bunch of baby carrots and the like), and the discussions were lively, probably helped a little by the wine. Julie was in a great mood, and that showed, and indeed, at some point during the meal, her attention turned towards me.

"Chris, we need to come up with a nickname for you."

I frowned. "A nickname?"

"Sure. We already got the stupendous CockTease (spreading her hands in a dramatic gesture) and her faithful sidekick CreamQueen (indicating Mom with a flourish)."

Mom giggled. "I thought *you* were my sidekick..."

"What? No way I'm the sidekick, Maddie. Who always gets the show going? See? Well, if you prefer, you can be the closing act, but I've always been the lead, that's for sure."

Mom rolled her eyes comically. Julie carried on.

"So we've got to find you a nickname."

"Why is that so important?" I asked.

"What? Come on, we cannot be 'CockTease, CreamQueen and... Chris.' That'd be so lame..."

"Okay, whatever."

Julie seemed to be on a roll. "No, Chris, we don't go 'okay, whatever' with that. Nicknames are important, because they say things about us. They bring forth the true essence of what we are..."

Mom chuckled. "Oh Jules..."

"Maddie, I stop you right there. Are you saying you disagree with me being 'CockTease'?"

She giggled. "You've got a point there, but..."

"So that's 'CreamQueen' you're having an issue with?"

"That's ancient history..."

"And? That doesn't me it's true... See, Chris..."

Mom objected: "Jules, you're not going to tell him that story..."

"He's got a right to know, right?"

I shrugged, feeling the neutral stance was probably the safest option for me.

Despite Mom's protestations, Julie trampled on.

"So yes, it was a long time ago, it was the Summer, and we were in this club with some guys we had been going out with. Really cute guys, not so bright but cute. And at some point during the evening, I notice your Mom disappearing with her -- what was his name again? Pete? Patrick? I don't remember..."

Mom shook her head. "Phil. I think."

"Yeah, who cares? (Julie giggled) So yes, all of sudden, they're gone. And they're gone for a little while, so I go looking for them. And I bump into Phil who's hurriedly coming out of the ladies' room, and I go in and here is your mother, washing her hands."

Mom tried to interrupt: "You really intend to tell the whole thing?"

"Let me finish. That boy has a right to know, I said. So she's washing her hands, and I ask her how it went, and she smiles and just goes 'hmm-hmm', like it's no big deal, you know? And she turns towards me, and that's when I notice it: she's got a large, white drop sticking to her cheek..."

Mom shook her head again. "It was just a little drop... every time you tell this story, the thing gets bigger."

Julie discarded her comment with a wave of her hands. "Anyways -- she had missed a spot, and she was about to go back to the dancefloor like that."

"And you nearly didn't tell me," sulked Mom.

"Oh, I did... eventually. I mean, that would have been hilarious."

"Ha ha, really."

"But I'm a good friend, and I did tell you."

"Yeah, and you've been very classy with that too. I don't think I was able to go to the bathroom that Summer without her reminding me," Mom sighed.

"And that's how CreamQueen came to be," Julie chuckled. "Pun intended, of course."

I couldn't believe what I had just heard. Well, I could believe it -- after all, I had had a glimpse of that during the afternoon, but this was revealing a whole side of Mom (and Julie) that I certainly never had imagined. Not just that they had done these things (after all, they had been young too, and I had been born, so there), but that they were discussing this so openly together... and with me now.

Mom must have noticed I was a little stunned, because she apologized. "I'm sorry, Chris, Julie doesn't really grasp the concept of 'too much information'. No more wine for you, Jules..."

"Oh come on, Maddie, don't be a party-pooper. Look at him, he doesn't look traumatized or anything. He's a big boy... in more than one sense," she winked at me saucily.

I tried to play it cool. "Don't worry, Mom, I know how Julie can be..."

"See, Maddie? Told you so. So yeah, we've got to find you a nickname. Maybe something along the lines of 'BoobLover'? What do you think?"

I shook my head in disbelief. "Really? That's the best you can come up with?"

Mom giggled. "Be careful what you wish for, baby."

Julie nodded. "That'll made do for now -- I'm sure we can find something better later on."

"Is that a threat?" I smiled.

"It's a promise," she winked back. "And now, if you'll excuse me, I have to take a little break."

"Oh-oh, Julie's having trouble holding her wine..." I joked.

"You wish, buster. But no, nothing so dramatic. Nature calls, that's all. Behave while I'm gone, kids."

She stood and left, leaving us both chuckling.

I shook my head again, and started cleaning up the dishes. Mom helped me, and soon we were done and moved to the living room. Mom sat on the comfortable sofa, while I took the armchair facing it. She stifled a yawn.

"Tired?" I asked.

"Sorta. I always forget how open air can be, you know? It doesn't feel you're doing much, but somehow..." She shrugged.

"Yeah, I know. I mean, I did sleep this afternoon, and I never nap."

"You had some reason for that too. I'm sure this accident shook you much more than you think."

"Maybe, I don't know. Anyways, it's nice of you guys to have brought me along."

"I couldn't honestly leave you by yourself. And it's not much of bother either, we like having you around. Feels like old times, you know?"

"Hmm, in a way, maybe. But I don't remember any of the conversations we used to have to be that... interesting?" I smiled.

"Oh, that. Yes, you're right," Mom blushed a little.

"And I think we used to wear a little more clothing too..."

She giggled. "Yes, for some reason, this stay is taking all sorts of unexpected turns. I'm sure we'll be able to negotiate a return to normality tomorrow."

"Honestly, Mom, I don't mind it."

"You don't?"

"Not really. I mean, it was kind of weird at the beginning, you know, because that was the first time we were around each other like that. But once you get over that... well, I guess it's okay."

"It's true you seemed to adapt well to that..."

"I'm not saying it wasn't embarrassing -- or that it can't be. But..."

"Hmm?" Mom looked at me, askance.

"No, thinking about it, if the only nickname Julie can come up with is 'BoobLover'... it could have been much worse, and it's nice to see that you didn't made me feel bad about... certain things."

With an impeccable sense of timing, Julie came back into the room at that very moment.

"Don't think we haven't noticed, buster. It's not exactly small..."

I tried to stand my ground and play it cool: "Thanks, Jules. I'll take that as a compliment..."

She sat next to Mom, winking at her. "So, did I miss anything interesting?"

"You mean, besides cleaning up the table?"

"Aww, too bad I missed up on this," she chuckled.

And while Mom and Julie started trading light banter, I thought back on what I just said about us all being in the nude. True, it had ended up not being as problematic I thought it would be, but my way of presenting it as rather trivial was maybe something of an overstatement. The whole thing was definitely sensual for me, and while my nap had been the only moment I had been really fully hard, I had remained in an engorged state most of the day. And Julie's choice of topic (which I felt wasn't entirely accidental) certainly didn't help.

It was my turn to stifle a yawn, and Mom noticed. "Baby, you're tired -- you should go to bed."

I agreed, stood up while yawning again, gave a good night kiss (on the cheek) to both ladies, and went to my room. I turned off the light, and darkness engulfed me.

*****

As usual, I woke up early, the clock showing 6:24 in the quiet room. I stepped out of bed, discovering that the pain in my hip was still very much there, but that I had also earned a limp in my right leg. I fought a short moment of vertigo, catching the nearby bookshelf for my balance, and eventually made it out of the bedroom.

The cabin was quiet, and though the floor was creaking in places, I did manage to make it to the living room without waking up anybody. The morning light was getting inside through the large windows, the lake glistening just outside. I grabbed the light blanket that was decorating the back of the armchair, and lied comfortably on the sofa, with my book. I thought that I would probably try to check my emails during the morning, but my computer was in my bag, and that had been stored in the room Mom was using, which was much larger than mine. In fact, I was sleeping in what was called 'the study', where Julie's father used to isolate himself during the Summer, when kids were running squealing around. He was a stern figure, even now in his early seventies, and had always kind of scared me, and I still felt some kind of reverence whenever I entered that specific room.

Around eight I went to the kitchen to make myself a bowl of cereals, and went back to my post, all still around me. It's only when the clock struck nine that I heard some movement, and spotted Mom coming out of the sleeping area. She had wrapped a large, white shirt around her, to fend away the chill of the morning.

"Hey there," I smiled.

"Hey baby. When did you wake up? I didn't hear you."

"A while ago. Around 6:30."

Mom shook her head. "I don't understand how you do it. No one should wake up so early..."

She sat across from me in the armchair, rubbing her arms with her hands, trying to get some warmth. "Is it me, or it's a little chilly today?"

I indicated the blanket around my shoulders: "It's chilly. When I woke up there was a window that had been left open in the kitchen, so that must have let the night air in. But since the sun is up and thanks to the South exposition, it should warm up really fast now."

"Did you sleep well?"

"Like a log. You?"

"It was okay. We did drink a little yesterday, and I'm not used to that."

"Yeah, I suppose. So I guess we won't be expecting Julie before eleven or so, right?"

"Oh no, actually -- I think she's already up. After you went to bed yesterday, she got some message from work, and there's been some kind of emergency."

"Nothing serious, I hope?"

"Oh no, just some papers she has to sign, because they're closing the quarter or something. But that means she's got to go there this morning, and she probably won't be back until the middle of the afternoon. She wasn't exactly happy with that, I can assure you. Speaking of the devil..."

Julie had just stepped into the room, fully dressed in business clothes. That was a side of her I rarely saw, and I was impressed how serious she looked. But that impression didn't last long.

"Hey, you two, what are you doing slacking there? It's not because I have this stupid errand to run that you don't have to respect the rules..."

We looked at her, puzzled. She sighed exaggeratedly.

"Don't you remember the thing we said about the clothes, and the absence thereof?"

I frowned: "Yes, and?"

"Well, what is all this? I want to see some skin!"

Mom stood up, shaking her head. "What? Okay, let me be clear. If someone hadn't forgotten to close the window in the kitchen, like I asked her to yesterday before we got to bed after yet another last glass of wine, maybe we wouldn't be freezing our asses off this morning. Our naked asses, to boot!"

Now that she was standing, I could see that she wasn't wearing anything under the shirt, which could barely contain her ample breasts, and stopped just below her mound. It was only because she had been keeping her arms huddled around herself that I hadn't noticed it. The sight was definitely sexy and sensual. I felt my cock stir.

Julie knew when she was on the losing side of an argument, and raised her hands. "Okay, then I shall speak no more. Just make sure you don't change a thing while I'm gone. Maddie, I'm going to have a quick coffee before I go, do you want to join me?"

Mom and Julie left and headed for the kitchen, leaving me alone in the living room. I went back to my book, hearing the noise of breakfast being readied. Then some quiet -- but not quite. The door was slightly ajar, and I could make out what they were saying. Julie was speaking.

"... might hang around a little after stopping by the office. Barry called me, and he's been rather persistent lately."

Mom chuckled. "Jules, you don't even like the guy."

"True, but was alternative do I have? It's not around here that I'm going to find anyone..."

"That's not the way you had described things when we planned this stay here, remember? Partying and bringing back guys and..."

"Yeah, but Chris is here now."

"You could still go party..."

"Without you? That wouldn't be fun, Mads. And you know how I can end up doing stupid things when I party, I need my wingman."

"I'm sorry, Jules. You know how it is..."

"I know, and I'm not blaming you or Chris or anything. It's just that I'm so horny and there's only one cock around here, and..."

"And you don't trust yourself?" Mom chuckled. "I knew you were kinky, but..."

"Ah ha, very funny. You know I love the kid like he was my own son, but you know how I can be when I'm like that. Like yesterday... So yeah, I'm going to call Barry and that'll be better for every one."

"Your choice, Jules... but don't do something you're going to regret."

Julie laughed. "What was that saying about regrets and remorse I don't remember?"

"My, you're in rare form today."

"Like any other day, my dear. Okay, Mads, gotta go -- enjoy your day, I'll let you know when I get back."

Julie opened the door, and came to see me for goodbye.

"BoobLover -- I'm off, and leaving you two lovebirds for the day. Careful with your Mom, don't let her stuff anything in her mouth, that girl can be ravenous (she winked). And keep your hands off her boobs while I'm gone, okay?"

I frowned. "Hmm, does that mean it's okay when you're here? I'm confused..."

Mom giggled from the kitchen entrance.

"Don't try and be a smartass with me today, mister. Damn, what is it with this family, really? Like mother, like son..." She shook her head theatrically, grabbed her car keys and stormed out the door. "And behave!" was her last comment before she was gone.

Mom put two steaming cups of coffee on the low table next to the sofa, and went to open the windows on the patio. The sun was now higher in the sky, and it was getting warmer outside. She came back to sit in the lotus position on the armchair, the white shirt loose around her. She reminded me of some commercial for a perfume, loaded with sensuality.

"So, there's only the two of us today..." she said.

"Oh, so that's why things just became so quiet all of sudden..."

Mom chuckled. "Yeah, she can be quite a handful, sometimes."

I raised an eyebrow: "Sometimes?"

"Okay, most of the time. But see how it is? When she's here, she's taking over the place, and when she's gone, we end up talking about her."

I chuckled. "She'd probably love that."

Mom chuckled too. "Oh yes -- so promise me not to tell her, okay? Or we'll never hear the end of it."

"Promise."

I put my Kindle down, stood up and folded the blanket I'd be using. I was putting it as I had found it, on the back of the armchair Mom was sitting in, when we heard a strange cry from outside. We both turned and I took a step forward, trying to see what it was. There was some rustle, then a movement, and a large bird took flight right before our eyes, probably scared by something on the edge of the lake. We both relaxed and looked at each other. Only that I was standing just next to her shoulder, and that my crotch was level with her face -- involuntarily giving her the same sight Julie had (probably on purpose) given me only the day before. I quickly moved away, embarrassed.

"Erm, sorry for that, Mom. I hadn't realized I was... well, where I was."

She giggled. "No worries, baby. I guess that's nothing I haven't seen before, and... at least, you didn't poke me in the eye with it, so there's no harm done."

"I'll be careful, from now on."

"About not poking me in the eye? Thank you, Chris. That's mighty nice of you."

"That's not what I meant. About not... you know..."

"Of course I know, I'm just teasing you."

"Okay -- well, I think I'm going to enjoy some sun outside." I picked up my Kindle again and stepped out on the deck. I sat down on the lounge chair, and looked up by reflex when I heard Mom say "Right behind you." I was graced by another incredible sight, not unlike what Julie had given me -- only Mom's breasts were just majestic, perfectly framed by her white shirt, and hovering tantalizingly right above me. I blushed and quickly looked away.

"Oh, sorry for that, baby. I hadn't realized where I was," Mom joked, winking.

"Mom, come on -- you don't seriously think I did it on purpose?"

"What? Oh, no, baby. And neither did I," she replied, her eyes wide with feigned innocence.

I shook my head. "Oh God, what kind of hell is this? That Julie would do such a thing, I can understand, but my own mother?"

She giggled. "Well, you're going to have to learn to live with it, you know? And if Julie carries on the way she's been so far, I doubt there'll be any skeletons in my closet for you to discover..."

"Wait, wait wait -- you mean there's more? The CreamQueen stuff was already kind of... wild, I guess, so..."

"Wild? Come on, Chris, don't tell me you haven't done anything like that? You never had a girl go down on you? Not that I want any details, but surely... what about that girl, Jessica? she seemed to be a little..."

I smiled. "Mom, I know you didn't like Jessica, and I agree with you, she isn't the classiest person, but she's a nice girl."

"Not the brightest either," Mom mumbled.

I sighed. "No, you're right. But she's nice, and she is far less 'wild' than she seems."

"Really? She was always wearing these miniskirts and these cut-offs and..."

"I know, I know. But believe it or not, we never had sex. Not even once."

"Really? But you were with her for such a long time..."

"Exactly. I tried to be patient, but in the end I was the one who broke up with her."

Mom frowned. "But you told me that..."

"I'm afraid I wasn't ready to explain to you why it had ended between us, and since I knew you thought she was sleeping around... in fact, if I remember correctly, you did come up with this explanation even before I had the time to say anything, and I just went with it..."

"I can't believe it!"

"I'm sorry, Mom. But that's the truth."

"So she never -- you know?"

"Went down on me? Certainly not. You know, her parents are very religious, and... I guess people are full of contradictions..."

"They sure are. So who did you do it with?"

"Hey, what happened to 'I don't want any details'?" I joked.

Mom chuckled and raised her hands. "Okay, sorry, curiosity took the best of me. I won't ask anymore."

I smiled. "Just for the sake of sharing -- yes, I've done it, or rather had it done to me, but usually never... well, to the end."

"Hmm, that's understandable. That's something you can only do with someone you really like."

"O-kay," I said, with mock outrage. "My own mother just destroyed most of my self-esteem, painting all my past relationships as failures..."

"No, baby, that's not what I wanted to say. You know what I mean..."

"Of course. I'm okay, no worries. I think. Probably. Nothing a lifetime of therapy won't fix. You know: 'Now pleaze, tell me apout yourr mozerr'," I said in a fake German accent.

Mom giggled. "Alright, alright, I'm sorry."

"But no, really... 'well, you see, Herr Doktor, it all started that day, Mom and I were both naked, and we were discussing which of my past girlfriends went down on me..."

"Oh, that's unfair. You make it sound so bad..."

I smiled. "Really? And to think I haven't even mentioned the CreamQueen stuff... 'because, you see, Herr Doktor, my Mom's nickname is...' Hey, no tickling!"

"You earned it, you naughty boy!"

I tried to defend myself from Mom's offensive.

"That's unfair!"

Mom paused for a second. "Why, because you're ticklish?"

"No, because I can't tickle you back."

"Why is that?"

"Why? Mom, there's no way I can try and tickle you without touching your tits. I've done it once accidentally, and remember how much abuse I got from that. So thank you, but no thank you."

Mom looked down, her mood suddenly less playful. "Yeah, they're kind of all over the place. Sometimes I hate them."

I was surprised. "Really? But why?"

She sighed. "Because sometimes it's all people see about me. You can't imagine the number of people who have asked me to touch them -- women, especially, and gay guys too. They all say it's great, but no one knows how hard it is to find a top that fits, you know? It's such a pain, sometimes..."

"Really?"

"Yeah, too much's too much, you know?"

"Hmm, I don't know. I think they are nice the way they are..."

"Really? You don't think Julie's look better?"

I shook my head. "Nope. I mean, they are nice, but yours are... majestic," I smiled, blushing.

"Thank you, baby," Mom smiled. "So maybe Julie was right after all -- you *are* a boob man."

I tried to shrug nonchalantly. "Guilty as charged... and look on the bright side: with this nudist thing, no need to worry about tops anymore!"

"Yeah, about that... I'm not sure that's such a good thing."

"Why?"

"Well, I'm not 18 anymore, so gravity is taking its toll... and without a bra..."

"Honestly, I don't see why you're worrying, Mom," I said, giving her a look-over. "Sure, some guys say they prefer the super bubbly, silicone-enhanced breasts that go with these horrible duck mouths, you know, but... I'm all for natural." I nodded enthusiastically.

Of course, that conversation wasn't leaving me indifferent, and I knew my cock was definitely swollen and thick. I tried to cast a discreet glance to gauge the extent of the damage (so to say), and was nearly shocked to see that my cockhead was literally leaking precum. I picked up my Kindle again, as if I felt our conversation had reached its natural conclusion, got back to reading. Mom didn't add anything, but stayed for a long moment looking out at the lake, her gaze distant, as if lost in her thoughts.

*****

To be honest, I was finding it difficult to focus on the page -- in fact, I found myself reading the same paragraph for the third time, still not managing to get back into the story. My head was full of questions to which I didn't have the answer, and it felt like every conversation I'd had since coming here had just added to the confusion. And of course, our "nudist ploy" (which has so spectacularly backfired) had set up a stage of high sensuality that was probably affecting us all. I knew I was very much affected by it, and even if (thankfully) I wasn't sporting a raging hard-on at all time, I was feeling an enduring horniness that only seemed to grow with time. I kept reminding me that I was with Julie and Mom, and that I shouldn't feel that way, I couldn't help it.

But then again, maybe the problem was that I was horny -- and would taking care of business somehow relieve the tension? That was an idea, and the more I thought about it... yeah, that was probably the reason for all this.

I stood up, and Mom looked up from her own book.

"You're okay, baby?"

"Oh yeah -- I just need to... to make a technical break, that's all."

"Oh, sure," she said, putting down her book. Seeing me puzzled, she carried on: "Chris, we talked about it, it's for your safety. So lead the way..."

I shook my head. "This is kind of ridiculous..."

"It's only for a few days. Come on, just let Mommy take care of you," she joked, unknowingly sending a thrill down my spine.

"Okay, okay," I answered, my head clearly elsewhere.

I quickly stepped in the bathroom, and pushed the door behind me. My cock was at half-mast, and I was just hoping she hadn't noticed anything. I wrapped my hand around it to give it a squeeze, and very quickly I was fully hard.

Now, the question was: how was I to do that with Mom just on the other side of the door? I stood in front of the porcelain bowl, and trying to make as little sound as possible, I started stroking slowly.

In spite of me, images from these last days came assailing me -- Julie standing over me, naked, Mom in the same position, Mom talking about her breasts... and that "just let Mommy take care of you" still resonating in my mind. I had been on the verge for so much time since we had gotten there that it didn't take me very long -- after a few strokes, I came. My cock erupted, long strands of cum hitting the porcelain with an audible splat, again and again and again. I put my hand against the wall, decided to avoid having any spell of dizziness at that most embarrassing moment. But nothing happened, and I even managed to keep my breathing more or less in check. I kept stroking slowly, first milking the last drops of cum, and then gently coaxing my cock into softening.

On the other side of the door, Mom called.

"Chris, everything fine in there?"

"Yeah, yeah. (I blushed) Give me a minute, it's not easy to -- to do what I have to do, with you on the other side of the door, you know?"

She giggled "I can imagine. But take all the time you need, baby."

I grabbed a glass, and silently filled it with water, before emptying it noisily in the toilets. I cleaned the bowl then flushed it all, and made a last check to see that I hadn't missed a spot. I stepped outside, trying to look as innocent as possible.

"And here I am, safe and sound..."

She smiled at me, her caring eyes over me, and I felt an internal pang of guilt over the thoughts I had just harbored about her. Timidly, I smiled back.

I was feeling much better. It was as if some weight had been taken from my shoulders, and I was glad I had found the root of the problem. I looked at Mom from the corner of my eye -- we were both back on the lounge chairs, and with the sun now high in the sky, I had put on a cap and Mom had fetched a large straw hat. I felt safe looking at her now, though I still couldn't understand why she would be hating her majestic boobs. On some level, I could, I guess, but -- but she was a looker, and her breasts were part of what she was: sensual and sexy and...

I stopped myself right away. That clearly wasn't the kind of train of thoughts I wanted to pursue, if I didn't want to have to pretext having to use the bathroom yet again. I went back to my book, trying this time to interest myself in the narrative. It did took me a while...

It was getting close to noon when Mom put down her book and stretched like a cat, putting my imagination in serious risk of overdrive. She had kept the shirt on, but instead of covering things and making her more modest, if possible it only heightened her sensuality. And unfortunately for me, it seemed the respite from my little bathroom session was only temporary. But then again, I tried to rationalize, I had been in this engorged state since we had "gone nudist", so with chance she was probably thinking that was my normal state.

"Baby, want to help me fix something?"

"Sure, Mom."

I followed her in the kitchen. The house had warmed up since the morning, and now it was refreshingly cool instead of chilly. While she was putting together something simple, I set up the table, going through the cupboards to find the elusive water pitcher. I finally managed to locate it and sat down. Mom finished preparing the dressing for the salad, and laid down the bowl before me, taking me out of my reverie.

"What's the matter, BoobLover? Lost in thought?"

I nearly jumped. "What? Oh please, Mom, you're not going to do it too..."

She giggled. "I'm teasing you, baby. Though you did look a lot at them today, I've noticed."

I rolled my eyes. "Of course I did, you asked me to!"

"Really? I don't remember saying anything of this kind," she replied, obviously having a little fun with me.

"Okay, maybe you didn't specifically ask me to look at them, but please agree that your whole 'they're too big, I hate them' comment was more or less begging for... well, a 'contrary assessment', you know?"

Mom giggled again. "My, my, my, here go the fancy words. But okay, maybe you've got a point."

She started on her salad, and I followed suit. I was casting furtive glances at her, wondering if I had been that obvious during the morning. She caught me looking and smiled, raising a questioning eyebrow. I spread my hands apologetically, and surrendered.

"Okay, let me come clean here: I did look at them, before the whole, you know, 'they're too big' thing. But then again, they are kind of hard to miss..."

"Hmm-hm."

"Oh, come on, Mom, cut me some slack there. It's not like I'm used to this nudist thing, you know. So yeah, I guess I might have gotten... curious, that's all."

She shook her head. "Baby, that's no big deal. If you hadn't looked, I'd probably be a little worried now."

I smirked. "Wait, wait wait. I'm getting all sorts of mixed signals there. I thought I shouldn't be looking, and now it's a good thing I'm looking? What should I do?"

"You can look all you like, baby," Mom giggled. "And I do thank you for your 'contrary assessment', it was... very nice of you." She quickly looked down after saying this, and I couldn't help but wonder if she wasn't blushing a little. I quickly replied "Anytime, Mom," which had us both chuckling.

I shook my head. "Well, this is kind of weird..."

Mom nodded. "Yeah, I know -- seems that Julie has a knack of getting into this kind of stuff, and taking me along with her... even when she's not here."

We finished our lunch and I helped Mom clean the table. I got myself a coffee and her a tea, and we went back to the deck. It was really getting hot outside, and the proximity of the lake contributed to the heavy atmosphere. Early afternoons were not the moment you did a lot of moving around in the Summer, and I already felt a sheen of perspiration on my skin. I stretched, and noticed Mom giving me a look-over.

"Hey, who's looking now?" I joked.

She giggled. "I guess it's only fair, right?"

I shook my head. "I was only trying to be of service, you know? I took no pleasure in it, it was from a purely informational purpose."

"...and I do thank you for your sacrifice -- your repeated sacrifice, to boot."

"What can I say, Mom? I like to be thorough..."

"Hmm-hm."

"And well, you needed the confidence boost, right?"

She chuckled. "Sure. And what if I want to return the favor?"

"Erm, I don't know. Do you think I need some confidence boost?" I blurted out, before I realized what I was saying.

Mom replied in stride, not missing a step. "I don't see any reason you should, but -- why, you think it's too big?"

I blushed. "I... I don't think it is, no. Not that I think it's small, but -- average, maybe? I don't know, it's hard to tell."

"You've never compared with others?"

"Not really. I mean, how could I have? You don't really check out other guys in the bathroom or things get weird very quickly. So I guess most of my references come from porn... and I'm not sure they are actually representative of the norm, you know?"

"Probably," she giggled. "But honestly, you don't have to worry, baby. You're fine."

"Erm, thanks, Mom. I guess."

She smiled, her eyes darting again in the direction of my crotch -- where my cock was at half-mast. She was about to say something when we heard the sound of a car door closing. Julie was back.

*****

A minute or so later, she was joining us on the deck, still wearing her professional clothes. She seemed annoyed, a frown on her face.

"Problems at work?" Mom asked.

"No, work is fine. There was no real emergency there, just that bitch Michelle doing her usual nonsense. I'm sure she enjoys it, ruining my vacation and all..."

Mom and I exchanged an amused look. Julie ranted on. "Just a bunch of unreliable assholes, that's all. Why can't I get just a little break, sometimes?"

Mom chuckled. "Uh-oh, somebody got stood up..."

"Not stood up -- just plain cancelled, and by text, too. Damn I hate it. Anyways. So, you two had any fun while I was gone?"

I joked: "You know we only have fun when you're around, Jules... what were we to do with you gone?"

She flashed me a saucy smile. "Oh, there's plenty of things I can think of. But I know Maddie, and one of her major failing is that she never sees how to make the best of the situation..."

"Jules!"

"What? Come on, tell me that's not the truth. See? Okay, give me a minute so that I can get out of this -- I feel like I'm still at work."

She left quickly, leaving us amused and shaking our head. "Well, she's back," I piped, and Mom chuckled. "Oh yes she is..."

It didn't take long until Julie walked in, a light shawl tied around her waist. I frowned and was about to make a remark, when she shot me a defiant glance. "Before you say anything, buster, I'm not dressed, I accessorize. Just like Mads here."

I shook my head. "How am I supposed to reply to that?"

She smiled: "You don't, Chris."

"I can't help but find this a little unfair. What about me? I can't accessorize..."

"Oh, you can. I'm sure we could find you a very nice cock ring..."

Mom rolled her eyes, and I shook my head again. "Ha ha, very funny. Too bad, I didn't bring my set..."

"Oooh, kinky. Mads, your son has potential, really."

Julie gave me the once-over, and my mother sighed. "Jules, did you drink at lunch?"

"I might have. And?"

"Just asking."

"Hey, I've had a shitty day, okay? So I needed some liquid support, that's all. And thinking about it, honestly, I should have said no about going to work and... everything." She opened her arms, embracing the surroundings. "This is my safe place, and it's filled with my favorite people. I promise you, Mads, even if they call telling me the office is on fire, I won't move a finger. I'll stay here until the end of our little vacation, with you both."

I joked: "... and to think I said it was quiet around here this morning..."

Julie made a face. "Well, kid, you ain't gonna get rid of me that easily..."

I chuckled. "Well, I know that. Hey, was it true what you said?"

"What?"

"The thing about being with your favorite people."

"Of course. You two are my family, you know? We're tight. And really, it's great to have you around here." She looked pensive for a moment, and then her usual energy took over. "Hey, I've got an idea: why don't we take some pictures? You know, for old times' sake?"

I blushed. "Erm, Julie, we're naked, remember?"

"Yeah, I know. But I'm not suggesting you go post this on Facebook or anything, but just for the three of us..."

Mom jumped in. "Just for the three of us, hmm? You're sure? Because some of your pictures have a tendency of getting some unwanted exposure..."

"Okay, Mads: maybe I don't have a perfect track record, but -- that was an honest mistake, you know? I was trying out my new smartphone, and I hit the wrong button."

"My point exactly."

"But it hasn't happened since that one time."

"Except for Caroline's nipple slip picture."

"Oh, but that was fair game, right?"

"Hmm-hm."

"Mads, listen -- what if we use my digital camera? This way, the pictures never land on my phone, and they are safe. Deal?"

"I don't know -- Chris, what do you think of this?"

"I -- I don't know. I..."

Julie pleaded: "Oh, come on, Chris -- just for the three of us, okay?"

She darted inside the cabin, and soon came back out with the digital camera. It was a small but rather sophisticated model, and she pointed it at us -- me sitting down on the lounge chair, Mom standing next to it. And snap, she took a picture. She looked at it, and chuckled.

"What is it?" Mom asked.

"Well, Mads, your son is ever the gentleman. Look how he's protecting your decency..."

She pushed the camera towards us, and on the little screen at the back, I could see this strange scene. Mom had an air of surprise on her face, mouth open in a 'o', while I was looking at the camera lens puzzled. But what was weird was that I had raised my arm at that precise moment, and that my open hand was just hiding Mom's pussy from the viewer.

Julie carried on: "Though to be honest, that makes it a little naughty, don't you think? One can wonder what you two have been doing..."

I was bright red. Indeed, we looked like two adulterous lovers caught 'in flagrante'. Mom shook her head. "Jules, you should delete that one..."

"Oh, certainly no. Okay, here's a new rule: until the end of this stay, we don't delete pictures. No, Mads, it's non-negotiable. Because I know your mother, Chris: once you let her delete a pic, you end up with no pics at all. Because 'this one is not nice, I closed my eyes here, and here it's not my best angle, and...' She comes up with so many excuses that it's impossible to get a shot she's satisfied with. So no deleting pictures. Okay?"

"Yeah, whatever," Mom said, shaking her head.

"Okay, guys, let's do a group shot, okay? Stand there, on the deck... a little to the right... perfect. And now I press the timer, and..."

Julie did a little sprint to stand by my side, Mom on the other, and we looked at the camera. A red light started blinking, then the blinking got faster and there was the sound of the shutter. Julie went to check, without moving the camera. "Okay, one more."

In fact, we took three more, with Julie wanting Mom and her turned towards me for the last ones. We checked the pictures out, and we couldn't suppress a laugh. While the first picture was more or less okay, the pictures for which Julie had us to pose were kind of weird.

With her usual bluntness, Julie summed it all: "My, on these ones, it looks like we're about to shoot a porno."

Mom giggled. "Yeah, a little..."

"Oh, I've got an idea for a great shot... Chris, Mads -- go stand in your place. Face each other, yeah, like this -- okay, and now, Mads, raise your hands above your head, like you're stretching... perfect." Snap! Julie giggled again. "Oh, Chris, the look on your face..."

She showed us the picture -- and here I was, my eyes on Mom's breasts, her own eyes closed as if in rapture... the picture was both very sensual and somewhat obscene. And I couldn't help but notice my cock was beginning to stand to attention.

"The perfect BoobLover shot," Julie quipped. Mom objected: "Aww, don't be so hard on him, Jules. It's a very nice shot... don't you think, baby?"

"Well, not sure that's my best profile..." I tried to joke

Julie chuckled. "Maybe not, but we're getting there." She looked down towards my cock, and Mom giggled.

I turned towards her, mock-furious. "Mom, I was hoping for some support there..."

"Doesn't look like you need any support, baby."

That remark left me dumbstruck. I don't know if that was Julie's influence, or the strange turn of these past days, but I had the impression Mom was starting to flirt with me, just as Julie was. I was about to say something when Julie, grabbing the camera, squatted next to me and took a picture of herself. "Selfie-time!" she laughed, and showed us the result. The picture was awkwardly framed (as those shots can be), but she was looking at the camera, her tongue playfully licking her lips, her face turned towards my hardening cock. "Now we're getting somewhere," she said.

I shook my head. "Julie, that's ridiculous..."

"What? Oh, come on, Chris, you don't have to be as stuck-up as your mother, you know?"

Mom smiled. "You can babble all you want, Jules, I won't fall into your trap."

"What trap?" she laughed.

"You know exactly what I'm talking about. You've got something naughty on your mind, and you just want to drag me into it. And calling me names won't do a thing."

"Me, calling you names? I'm just stating a fact here."

"Hmm-hm."

Julie turned to me: "Chris, be honest for a moment: you don't think your Mom is a bit stuck-up?"

Finding myself suddenly at the center of attention, I stuttered. "Erm, not particularly, no..."

"Oh come on! You can't be serious... Compared to me, she's practically a prude."

Mom giggled. "This, I won't object to, you're right, Jules."

"Stuck-up, as I said. Come on, Mads, unwind and just have fun! Here, get in the frame with that gorgeous cock, CreamQueen."

I started, but Mom just rolled her eyes. "Sometimes, you just have the weirdest ideas... you remember Chris is my son, right?"

"Mm-hmm, and I'm practically his aunt. So what? We're all adults here, what's wrong in having some fun?"

Mom shook her head. "Well, a lot of people would see that as being wrong, for starters..."

"A lot of people think that a lot of things are wrong, you know, starting with anything having to do with sex. What do you think about it, Chris? Is this making you uncomfortable?"

I nearly jumped, once more finding myself in the spotlight. "Erm, I... I don't know..."

Mom looked at me, serious now. "Yes, baby, tell us what you think about all this."

I took a deep breath. "I... I don't think I mind it..."

Julie chuckled. "That definitely sounds like a vote of confidence there. Could you show a little less enthusiasm, please?"

For some reason, her comment stung, and I replied, a little more forcefully. "No, it's been fun. I mean, like Julie said, you are my two favorite people, and it's nice to be around you. Even if it's been a little... unusual, I guess."

Mom piped in. "And it's not making you uncomfortable?"

I shook my head. "Not really, no. I mean, I've learned a lot of things about you guys since we got there, so yeah, I might be looking at you differently now..."

Julie joked: "Yeah, we did notice, BoobLover."

I smiled. "And yeah, there's that too. I can't really complain, can I? I've got two hot ladies just to myself, after all..."

"Mads, your son is such the sweet talker... though to be honest, he *does* have the hard-on to show for it, so maybe he's just telling the truth."

I blushed, but Mom giggled, and the look she gave me sent shivers down my spine. I tried to regain some composure. "Well, it's not like I have any way to hide it, you know?"

To my surprise, Mom said softly. "And we really appreciate the compliment, baby."

Julie jumped on the opportunity. "Perfect -- since we've got this nice family moment, we've got to immortalize it. So get in the frame for your picture, Mads."

Mom shook her head, and said "Okay, okay..." leaving me dumbstruck as she stepped closer to me, kneeled down so that her face was just before my now fully-hard cock, and smiled at Julie who took a couple of shots.

"Per-fect, Mads," Julie said, going through the pictures on the little screen at the back of the camera. "I'm a bit jealous, though, he's much harder for you than he was for me."

I joked: "What can I say, I'm a mommy's boy," and was delighted to hear Mom giggle.

Julie protested. "That's so unfair -- I'm the one doing all the heavy lifting, and she's reaping it all."

Mom lashed back. "Hey, you never wondered why you were nicknamed 'CockTease', Jules? You talk, you talk, but someone has to deliver..."

"Mads, you're starting to make me doubt you two didn't do anything this morning..."

"Don't let your imagination take the best of you, I only kept close watch on my son. Don't forget he's recovering from a nasty accident."

Julie smiled. "Oh, he seems to be recovering just fine, don't you think? Oh -- Mads, don't move..." She moved around and crouched by my right, while Mom was still at my feet, on the left. She gave us some curt instructions, and I heard the shutter close a few times before she was satisfied. She quickly checked out the result on the back screen, and told us to come have a look. She looked happy with herself, and I couldn't say if it was good or bad news for me.

The pictures were incredible. They all had basically the same set-up: I was standing straight, my cock hard and pointing slightly up, with Mom crouching behind it, the lower half of her chin level with my shaft. Let me be clear: she was gorgeous on all pictures, her fabulous curves delicately framed by the white shirt (which did nothing to hide them), but the last three were spectacular. On the first of this set, she was looking down at my cock, her tongue licking her lips, a hungry smile on her face. On the second, she was staring at the camera, biting her lower lip, lust in her eyes. And on the third and last one, she was looking up at me, smiling, and while that picture lacked the sexual directedness of the previous ones, it more than made up for it with the sensual tension that radiated from us both.

I guess Mom summed it up for us all, when she let out a sheepish "Wow." Julie nodded in agreement, adding with her usual (lack of) tact. "I don't know about you, Mads, but that gets me wet. You two are so hot..."

I tried to protest: "I didn't do anything..." but Julie shrugged it off right away.

"What? Come on, Chris, you must be blind. Can't you see how adoring you look in all these pictures? Yes, Mads is pure sex, but you're not so bad yourself... what do you think, Mommy-dearest?"

Mom seemed to blush as she smiled: "I'll take the fifth on this one, Jules."

Julie shook her head. "Oh no, I won't let you off so easily. Come on, be honest: you would have loved to get a taste, right? I know I would..."

I shook my head. I couldn't believe they were discussing this kind of thing right in front of me -- if it was probably some kind of elaborate joke between them, I certainly didn't want to become the butt of it. And I had to confess that I was indeed very much turned on by it all, as would have been any hot-blooded male, I guess. I tried to jump in.

"Hey, ladies, I'm here, remember?"

Julie turned to me. "And?"

"Well, show a little more respect, please. I'm not some piece of meat (Julie chuckled) to be bargained over..."

I winced, a sharp pain radiating in my leg, and had to sit down on the lounge chair.

"Are you okay, baby?" Mom asked, worry visible on her face.

"Yeah, I'm fine -- I'm just cramping a little bit..."

Julie chuckled. "Cramping, eh? As if we hadn't noticed..."

I rolled my eyes. "Ha ha. No, my hip and calf -- you know, because of the accident? Concussion, stitches and bruises all over, remember?"

She nodded, and seemed a little apologetic when she answered: "Of course I remember, Chris. You know how I can be... anyways, somebody wants a drink? Chris?"

"I'll pass, thanks."

"Mads?"

"No, thank you."

"Well, I need one," she said, and went inside to the kitchen.

There was a slightly awkward silence, then Mom asked me: "You're sure you're okay?"

"Yeah, it's a little painful, that's all," I said. "But it's only because I've been standing a little too long. My calf is still very contracted, you know, so... no need to worry, I'm sure."

"Oh, good, because..."

She was interrupted by Julie, calling from inside. "Mads, did we finish that bottle of wine yesterday?"

Mom shook her head, and replied loudly. "Yes, *you* finished the bottle of wine, saying it would bring you luck or something."

"Oh yeah, you're right," Julie said, coming back outside. "Well, newsflash: we're officially out of wine. I thought there was a casket left somewhere, but it seems James went through it the last time he was there." James was Julie's younger brother, who, in my opinion, was something of a douche. Where Julie was good-hearted in her silly jokes, James had something of a nasty streak in him, and I had always been wary of him. She shook her head, and sighed: "Well, I'm going to go buy some wine -- you're coming, Mads?"

"Sorry, Jules. I have to stand guard, remember?"

"Oh yeah, right. Great excuse," she winked at me. "Okay, I'm going to dress up and get some refreshments for us all, you stay here and behave."

I smiled. "Sure, Julie."

She blew us both a kiss, and she left. A few minutes later, we heard the now-familiar sound of the front door closing, followed by Julie's car leaving the driveway. We were alone.

We looked at each other and smiled. I'm sure we were thinking the same thing: yes, Julie was fun when she was around, but she was also a little exhausting. Mom looked at me, and said: "Don't move," and went to grab something on the table. She came back right away, raised her hand, and -- snap! Took a picture of me with her cellphone.

"Hey! What did we say about cellphone pics?"

Mom shrugged. "That only applied to Julie. I don't trust her with that kind of thing. Too many opportunities for mischief."

"And what about you?"

She smiled and made an innocent face. "Me? I would never do that. I just want to keep a memory of this... see?"

She turned the screen towards me, and I saw the picture she had just taken. I looked a little surprised (and I had been), but it was a nice picture. Or rather, it would have been if I had been dressed, and if my hard cock wasn't so obvious in the frame.

"Erm, that's a nice picture, I guess... but please tell me you're not going to keep it to show your friends when they're asking you about me?"

She giggled. "Why? I don't see anything wrong with it..."

I shook my head. "Yeah, right... Well then, I guess it'd be fair that I get a similar picture of you too. To keep a memory, you know?"

Mom smiled. "Of course."

I took her cellphone and stood up, indicating she take place on the lounge chair. She sat cross-legged on it, and while I was trying to find a good angle, I noticed how she was staring at my hard cock. "Hey Mom -- my eyes are up there," I quipped. She looked up, blushing a little.

"Sorry, baby, it's a little distracting."

I shook my head in disbelief. "What happened to sharing a family moment, huh? Even though, technically -- we're family, we're spending some time together, so that could qualify as a family moment..."

"Always with the big words, eh? Mister 'positive assessment'..."

"Yeah, right. Okay, strike a pose, we don't have all day..."

Snap! I checked the little screen -- and Mom stood up to come by my side and look with me. I tried to ignore her breasts pressing against my arm, without much success. My cock was so hard it was almost painful. "Oooh, nice," she said, and I focused back on the picture. Mom had been sitting cross-legged, with her hands on her thighs, her breasts bulging between her arms, and she had been looking straight at me, biting her lower lip.

"Wow, Mom..."

"You like?"

"Hell yes... and give me a minute. I have to send it to my phone. Wouldn't want it to get deleted 'by mistake', you know."

"Ha ha. Are you sure that's not because you just want to ogle your old mother?"

"Who says I ogle?"

"Chris, come on, we're both adults here. I know you do."

"Well, it's difficult not to, when a certain someone has been spending the day putting her boobs in my face."

"Oh really? I didn't hear any complaints, though..."

My leg was hurting again. I sat back down on the lounge chair. Mom suddenly changed from playful to worried. "Are you okay, baby?"

"Yeah, Mom, I'm fine. Just a little tense. In the leg, I mean." I smiled, and saw my smile reflected in her. She looked down and bit her lower lip, in this very sensual way of hers I was starting to love. I decided to push a little further. "Well, among other places." I put my hand on my cock, and gave it a slow stroke. Mom was watching, transfixed, holding her breath. I let go of my shaft, and looked at her.

She closed her eyes, shook her head softly and sat on the other chair, across from me. I swallowed hard, suddenly wary of what was to come. But she smiled and looked at me.

"Oh baby..." she whispered.

"Yes, Mom?" I replied, with an unsteady voice.

She let out a throaty laugh. "This is so much getting out of hand... so to say," she added with a giggle. She shook her head again. "What is it with my vacations with Julie always taking these unexpected turns?"

I hesitated, not knowing what to respond to that. I had been expecting a rebuttal of some sort, for having gone too far. "Erm, is that a bad thing?" I said, as neutrally as possible.

Mom seemed pensive. "Well, it's definitely not reasonable... but is it bad? I don't know. I mean, to be honest, she doesn't have to twist my arm much to bring me along. So I'm not sure that's really 100% Julie's fault. Case in point: she's not around, is she?"

I conceded the point. "Sure, but she did play some role in... well, getting us there, I guess. I mean, had it been just the two of us together, I'm not sure things would have turned out this way, see what I mean?"

She giggled. "No, you're right. But I'm not sure I can really put all the blame on Jules. We were the ones coming up with that 'nudist' idea in the first place, remember? I guess Julie only saw the full 'potential' of it, so to say, and decided to push it along."

"The full 'potential'?"

"Yeah. Julie is a huge fan of erotica, she reads all sorts of smut online. And she loves these stories that go beyond what is usually accepted, you know? I mean, you've seen how she was pushing for us to take pictures together, right? And how she commented on them afterwards?"

"Hm-hm." I was thinking that Julie had had nothing to do with Mom snapping that 'candid picture' of her naked (and hard) son with her phone cam a little later.

She chuckled. "Penny for your thoughts, baby."

"Hmm? Oh, nothing."

"Really? I don't believe it. Come on, you can tell me. It's just the both of us."

"Well... okay, would it be weird if I told you that I think it's fun?"

"What is? The pictures?"

"Not only the pictures, but this whole thing... I mean, being together, you and me and Jules, and the nudist thing and the flirting and the pictures..." I shrugged. "By the way, it's not like I can hide it, really..."

Mom giggled. "It's hard not to notice..."

"Ha ha. But neither of you made fun of it, you see?"

"Why should we?"

"I don't know -- I mean, because I shouldn't?"

"Oh come on. Let me make it clear: as a woman, it's rather nice to see you 'still have it' for young studs to get all hot and bothered around you. I certainly won't complain about you obviously being attracted by the female body. And anyways, if we are to be honest, we've put you through a lot -- that's only normal you'd react like that. I did think the pictures were going a little overboard..."

I frowned. "You didn't seem to protest much, though..."

She smiled. "Well, I thought it would be nice to have some souvenir of all this..."

"And some souvenir it is..." She giggled, and I continued. "Honestly, Mom, the pics are hot."

"You think so, baby?"

"Most definitely. Especially the one with us together..."

"You know, I think Julie was a little jealous there."

"Really? But you were saying she was kinda pushing things towards that..."

"Oh yes, she was. But at the same time, you know how she loves being at the center of the attention. Remember how she complained about you not being as hard for her?"

"Hm-hm."

"And?"

"And what?" I asked, surprised.

"Was it true?"

I looked up, startled. Mom was staring right at me, innocently. I blushed, and she laughed.

"I guess I have my answer!"

I was about to say something when we heard the sound of Julie's car in the driveway. Mom pouted. "Oh-oh, seems our nice time together is coming to an end..."

"Indeed..."

"But baby, before Julie gets here..."

"Yes?"

"I'm so glad I make you harder than she does."

That left me speechless. And by the time I had regathered my wits, Julie was calling us, to help her unload the car.

*****

The trunk was packed. I don't think I had ever seen that many bottles and six-packs outside of spring break parties and frat gatherings. Okay -- maybe I'm exaggerating there, but there was no doubt that Julie had gone overboard. Quickly walking back and forth between the driveway and the kitchen, we helped her unload.

"Jules, how many people are you planning to entertain this week?" Mom asked sarcastically.

"Hey, don't start the 'holier-than-thou' routine with me, Mads -- I've seen you drinking. And I know your poison of choice," Julie winked, before adding. "And Chris, the beers are for you, hope you'll find one that suits you in what I got."

"Hm, I'm afraid that's going to be club soda for me."

"What? You can't be serious?"

"Concussion, remember? The doctor said it would be a good idea to steer clear of alcohol for a week or so..."

"Damn. So that mean we can't hope to get you drunk and have our ways with you?"

Mom rolled her eyes, and I chuckled. "Nah, not sure the drunk part is going to happen."

Julie whistled. "Oooh, so that means you wouldn't be opposed to being our boy-toy, baby?"

I shrugged. "Who knows? That could be fun..." Mom giggled, and Julie suddenly looked at us suspiciously.

"Wait -- did something happen while I was away? Something happened. I'm sure of it. What did you do? Tell me."

Mom shook her head and smiled. "Oh come on, Jules, don't be silly, you know nothing ever happens when you're not there to provoke it."

I decided to jump in. "And what possibly could happen, really? It's was just the two of us, after all."

Julie chuckled. "Oh, careful there, buster. I have a very vivid imagination, and I could list a hundred things that could have been taking place here... and probably most of them rated M for mature."

Mom shrugged. "Well then, sorry to disappoint, but we only talked."

Julie rolled her eyes. "Really, Mads? I leave you with a sexy young stud and the only thing you do is talk?"

"Well, he also happens to be my son, Jules."

"Yeah, you're right," Julie sighed. "Sorry guys, seems my mind is in the gutter. I need a drink..."

As she started to open a wine bottle for Mom and herself, I smiled and grabbed a can of soda from the fridge before heading out to the deck outside. I could hear their friendly banter through the open door, and I couldn't help but think -- yes, these vacations were plenty of fun after all.

I sat on the lounge chair, picking up my Kindle. I turned it on, but couldn't dive back in the story I was reading right away. There was too much going on in my head, and I needed to sort through what was real and what was only the product of my own vivid imagination.

Julie had been flirting with me from the start, that at least was obvious. But it was difficult to decide how much of that was serious, and if she was actually considering going all the way with that. As crazy as that sounded, she seemed more interested in trying to get something going between Mom and I -- and again, there was no way to know if that was only because she enjoyed that kind of stories and felt a thrill by suggesting anything like it between us, or if she really wanted it to happen.

And then, there was Mom. Mom, whose last comment still resonated in my mind. For sure, we had both been subjected to Julie's bluster and banter, and Mom had been, like me, something of an accepting victim in all that had happened so far. And this had maybe brought us closer together -- and led us to consider each other in an entirely different light than before. I thought back on our discussion in the morning, when we started by discussing the size of Mom's boobs, and ended with her considering the size of my cock. There are been some subtle flirting going on there, that's for sure, and in a way, the picture-taking had brought it all to the light. And Mom was glad she made me hard. My head was spinning.

I took a deep breath, and tried to chase these thoughts from my mind. I turned to the book, and even if it took me a few minutes to get back into it, it eventually provided a welcome distraction.

*****

A big splash woke me up. I must have dozed off over my book, and I looked around, somewhat panicky. I spotted Mom coming from inside, obviously annoyed with something.

"Sorry babe, she had one too many, and..."

She raised her hands apologetically and went to the edge of the deck, checking if Julie was alright. She was met with a generous spray of water that soaked her white shirt and nearly reached my feet. She turned towards me, shaking her head as if telling me "I told you so", neatly put the shirt on the back of a chair to let it dry, and jumped in the lake to join Julie.

It was my turn to shake my head. If I didn't know better, I could have sworn it was two teenagers playing in the water, complete with the silly giggles. I was about to get back to my book when I saw Julie climbing the deck and coming for me.

"Chris, enough of these books, come have some fun with us," she said, grabbing me by the arm.

"But I..." I tried to protest.

But Julie didn't want to have nothing of it. "Yeah, yeah, you had a concussion, yadda, yadda, yadda. But it's been two days already, and you don't look too worse for wear, and we'll be around so there's nothing to be afraid of. So stop chickening out, mister."

I let out a sigh and surrendered, still feeling sore in a number of places. I sat at the edge of the deck, legs dangling in the cool water, while Julie jumped back in with a splash.

"Don't tell me it's too cold for you, Chris. Come on and play with us!"

Mom tried to intervene. "Jules, let him take his time, he's still..."

"Mads, you've gotta stop being over-protective with him. He's not gonna break, you know."

"I'm not being over-protective, he's been in an accident and..."

"I know that, and he looks fine and I'm not exactly asking him to go bungie jumping with me, am I?"

"Not, but--"

"So there. The most he's going to risk joining us will be a little ass-grabbing, and there's nothing wrong with that, is it? And if he's lucky, he might get to do some boob-grabbing himself, and I don't see you complaining about that, right, BoobLover?"

I rolled my eyes, and slid in the water. "Jules, could you please stop with that?"

She giggled. "Why should I? It's so fun teasing you with that. And you know, I understand completely -- I'd be obsessed too if I had these parading around the house every day," she said grabbing Mom's boobs from behind. Mom gave her a slap on the hands and stepped away.

"Jules, stop it. This is getting old... is there anything else you could talk about?"

"Hey, sorry if I'm just trying to have a little fun here," Julie snapped back. "I've been dumped by an asshole, I've been stood up by another, so at least let me enjoy the only guy who's been gracious enough to show some interest these days, okay? Even though I'm getting the feeling he's got more the hots for you than for me..."

"Jules, you can't..."

"But then again, with these boobs, who can blame him?" she quipped, grabbing Mom's breasts again -- and quickly moving away to avoid her wrath. There was some splashing, some laughing, and soon it seemed that Julie's confession never happened. But I had been struck by the loneliness it had revealed, and even if she had complained about my having only eyes for Mom (which, to be honest, wasn't so far from the mark), it was obvious it was important for her to be around us. She had said we were "her favorite people", and at this moment I realized how true that was.

I put my hands in the water and sent a huge splash in their direction -- earning some offended shrieks, and suddenly becoming the object of their vengeance. Soon, we were like three teenagers fooling around in the lake, playing and laughing and enjoying ourselves. And yes, that included some ass-grabbing (especially on Julie's part). But I didn't mind.

*****

We were taking a little break from the playful action, all of us trying to catch our breath, when Julie suddenly asked, out of the blue: "So, Chris, how are things in your love life? Still dating -- what's her name again, Mads?"

I was about to pull myself out of the water, and I hesitated, taken aback.

Mom shook her head, and quickly said: "They broke up a month ago, and her name was Kate."

But Julie wasn't one to take a hint, and instead of moving onto another topic, she decided to dig in. "Oh, really? I'm not surprised. I mean, from what your mother was telling me, she didn't think you would last... what is it, Mads? that's what you said, right?"

I sat on the pontoon, legs dangling in the water. Mom was blushing, and looked up at me, apologetic. "Sorry, baby... she's right, but I didn't think that was my place to say anything. To be honest, I didn't really like Kate."

"Nah, that's okay, Mom, don't worry about it. Maybe just after it was over I would have taken that badly, but not anymore. What didn't you like about her?"

"Hmm, I don't know, there was this feeling that... she was always kind of playing a role, you know? So perfect, that it felt calculated, you know?"

"Yeah, in a way, I see what you mean..."

Julie jumped in, with her usual subtlety: "And how was she in the sack?"

I chuckled, as Mom gasped. "Such a poet, as always..."

"Come on, Chris -- don't be a prude like your mother. (Mom rolled her eyes) How was she?"

I shrugged, not really wanting to dwell on the subject. "I don't know... okay, I guess."

"Oh, that doesn't sound so great. 'Okay', just 'okay'? What was the issue, come on, spill."

"Well, I guess she wasn't too much into it, that's all."

But Julie had obviously decided she wanted to get to the bottom of it, and she pushed on: "Any problem on your side?" Mom tried to intervene, but was soon shushed. "So?"

"What do you mean by 'problem'?"

"Well, obviously you're not too small, so -- too big, too quick, too selfish?"

I chuckled. "Oh no, nothing like that. She just -- didn't like it. I think it was way too messy for her."

"Oh-oh -- so you were asking for naughty things?" There was a twinkle in Julie's eye. "Mads, I told you, your son is a pervert. A boob-pervert, but a pervert nonetheless."

I chuckled again. "No, not at all. What I mean is -- the whole 'sex' thing was messy in her eyes. And she didn't like messy."

Julie shook her head exaggeratedly. "She doesn't know what is good, that's for sure..."

"Well, I guess there were some extenuating circumstances in her case..." I said, a little heady with all the fresh air.

"Oh?"

I blushed. "Erm... okay, I don't know how to put it..."

"Chris, don't be shy, we're all adults here. Even if some of us are a little stuck-up and all," she winked at Mom who let out an exasperated sigh.

"O-kay. Well, the thing is... I'm quite abundant, when I..."

"Really? Because -- okay, listen." All of a sudden, Julie had turned very businesslike. "You see, there are three types of guys, when it comes to that: drippers, spurters and gushers. True, your mother has much more experience than me in that department -- Mads, do you want to explain?"

Mom sighed, but came closer to explain. "Well, the names are pretty much self-explanatory -- I guess Jules only wants to put me in a spot and embarrass me with that. Anyways (another sigh), the drippers usually sprinkle a few drops, the spurters, well, let out a few spurts, and the gushers..."

"The gushers are like firehoses and make a big mess all over the place," interrupted Julie. "So which are you? Obviously not a dripper, so..."

I chuckled. "Are you seriously asking me that?"

"Of course I am! It's of the utmost interest for the both of us, I'm sure -- no, Mads, don't deny it, I'm certain you're curious about it. Hmm? Am I right?"

Mom let out a little smile. "Well, I guess I am a little curious about it..."

"See? So. Gusher or spurter?"

I surrendered. "Spurter, I guess. I... it doesn't come out in one go, it's more... I don't know, eight or ten spurts or something."

"Now we're talking!" Julie exclaimed enthusiastically. "Well, of course, I'll only believe what I see, but that sounds pretty promising, right?" she said, turning to my mother.

She replied by a non-committal "hmm-hmm", but her eyes were on me... and quickly looked down at my cock, still very much erect. It was only a flash, and she was soon staring at me. Maybe it was my over-active imagination or the sun beating down on my head, but I could have sworn she quickly licked her lips, a sparkle in her eyes.

Julie, oblivious to all this, pulled herself out of the lake, saying loudly: "Damn, I need a drink. In fact, we all need a drink. I've had enough water for the day."

Mom followed her, smiling, and after drying ourselves in the sun, we all headed back in the cool shade of the cabin. My head was spinning, once again.

*****

Surprisingly, the conversation moved to other, safer topics once we got inside. To be honest, I had been more or less expecting to be the butt of at least a little more of Julie's playful teasing. But once inside, Julie started complaining about not being able to locate her favorite bottle of wine, then dived into the small room that served for a cellar, and when she eventually came back with two acceptable alternatives to the elusive vintage, the mood had significantly changed. Funnily enough, that made me think of Julie's nickname "cocktease", which had kind of puzzled me until that point. Now, I could guess at some of the reasons she might have earned it. Mom seemed used to these antics, and had busied herself with preparing the glasses in the kitchen, with something of an exasperated look on her face. In the meantime, I had helped myself with a can of tonic, and was just happy staying out of the way.

Soon, Julie was complaining about how things were going at work. She was referring to a whole bunch of people I had never heard about, but Mom obviously knew them and was more than happy to bitch along. So that they could have some time for themselves, I offered to cook dinner for everyone, and casting all protestations aside, I took control of the kitchen. I liked to cook -- I didn't have much of a range, but there were a few dishes that I knew how to make, and my friends seemed to enjoy them (but then again, maybe they were just being nice). So I set up to prepare some chicken curry with coconut milk and a couple of side dishes, while the ladies were chatting the day away next room. There was a quiet normality to it all, that was only momentarily broken when Mom came in for a refill of their glasses.

"Hmm, sexy," she said.

I turned towards her, chuckling. "What, Mom, you like it?" I replied, pointing at the apron I had put on, which was adorned with large, bright flowers.

She pouted, giving me a lookover. "Sorta. I like the back, but the front is way too covered."

"You know, that's kinda the idea. The apron's supposed to protect you, so it has to cover things up."

"Oh, right, sorry. It's just that you were talking about accessorizing earlier, and..." she winked.

"Hmm, by the way -- do you think we'll eat outside tonight? Or is it getting too chilly for that?"

"Inside, probably," she smiled. "That's the only downside I can see to this nudism thing. Better do it in a warm, heated place."

I chuckled, and she picked up the glasses I had just filled, and brought them back to the living room. I followed her with my eyes, marveling at how beautiful she was. Call that sixth sense or intuition -- she noticed and turned, flashed me a smile and blew a kiss in my direction before leaving me alone.

Dinner was fun and relaxed -- and both women praised my cooking skills, which was always nice. It was a low-key affair though. Obviously, the long day in the sun had taken its toll on all of us, and I wasn't the only one stifling a yawn when we got to dessert. After clearing the table, we all went to our respective rooms and I picked up my book to read a little before going to bed.

But soon, my thoughts wandered, going back to all that had happened in that incredible day. I didn't know what to think of it all, and wasn't sure it could all be filed under "playful flirting". Or maybe it was nothing but, and I was just imagining things and wishing... wishing what, exactly? I wasn't sure myself. Julie I had kinda figured out -- she liked to be provocative and teasing, but she was mostly interested in just that. As if the promise of something was better than the thing itself. Mom was different in that regard, it seemed. Maybe it was only because she was my Mom, but there seemed to be some seriousness in her that Julie was lacking. Yes, it was something of a game, but -- but maybe something more too. And there were some words I couldn't get out of my mind: "I'm so glad I make you harder than she does."

Yes, I was hard for my mother. Hard, again. There was no denying it. I couldn't hide behind the nudist thing, or my being single and driven by hormones or anything. Mom was turning me on. I sighed. I had to do something about my hard-on. I put my kindle down, and rose from the bed. I opened the door a crack, and listened. The cabin was silent. I moved swiftly towards the bathroom, and slipped inside. I didn't need to turn the lights on -- the small window at the back let in the light coming from the lamp outside, by the turn of the road.

I stood in front of the porcelain bowl, and grabbed my cock. I was already fully hard, and started to stroke slowly. My head was full of sights of Mom from the day -- so gorgeous and tantalizing. In the morning, with that white shirt. In the kitchen, talking together. On the deck, taking pictures. She was a goddess... my goddess. The stories she had shared, when chatting with Julie came back to haunt me. That day she had become the "Cream Queen"... yes, I was picturing her, my dear Mom, with cum smearing her lips. With my cum... My hand was moving faster on my shaft, I was close, so close -- and then my cock erupted.

Maybe I had heard a noise, or maybe it was just some kind of sixth sense. To this day, I still don't know what alerted me, but I opened my eyes, and turned... to see my mother, perfectly framed in the door, watching me with her mouth a perfect "o" of surprise. I took me a moment to understand what was happening -- enough so that my cock was now spent, softly pulsating with the last throbs of my orgasm. I was about to say something, anything, when Mom held up her hand, then made the "hush" gesture, smiled and slowly closed the door, leaving me alone. I hear her soft steps leading back to her room.

A few minutes later, I was myself back in my bed, trying to wrap my head around what had just happened. Oh, I knew fairly well the gist of it: my mother had walked in as I was masturbating, just like one of these cheesy stories in bad erotica. But then, she had left, not saying anything, and I was just wondering what that meant, if anything. It took me a long time to find sleep, that night.

When I woke up, the cabin was silent. I checked out my phone, just to see that again, I was operating like clockwork, waking up at the same time day in, day out. I grabbed a blanket and my kindle and headed for the living room. I took my usual place on the sofa, and started reading. The sofa was comfortable, it was pleasantly warm under the blanket, and even if the book was rather interesting... I guess I ended up dozing off. And was only awaken when Julie barged in the living, fuming.

She was on the phone, and from the sound of it, the person on the other end was definitely in a bad spot. "What part of 'vacation' don't you understand? I told everyone I was going to be away this week, so he can't pretend that... yes, I know it's an emergency, you told me twice already. And we did discuss that file last Friday, and he was sure it could wait, and... I don't care that the other side had an opportunity to come by today, I... I know... sure... okay, but -- exactly, I'll be in and out, just for today, and after that, I'm going to turn off that phone and you'll have to handle everything by yourselves... yeah, right. Okay, see you in a bit."

She shook her head, sighing. And then she noticed me. "Sorry, Chris -- I didn't know you were there."

"Bad news at work?"

"Yeah, some genius decided it would be a good thing to have one of our major clients come over the very week I'm not around. And then realized he did need me to be around, because he doesn't know how to close the deal, and so... sorry, I'm ranting, I don't want to bore you with all this. Anyways, I have to go in for the day, and I'll probably be back late this afternoon, unless they drag me into having dinner with them, and then... you be nice to your mother, young man, okay?"

"Sure, Jules."

"And you tell her I'm sorry, and that she can misbehave all she wants with you while I'm gone, as long as I get a full debrief."

"Very funny. I'll tell her."

"I'm counting on you, Chris."

"Yeah, right."

"Gotta run. Bye!"

"Bye, Jules."

I checked my phone, and was surprised to see it was after ten. Soon I heard Julie's car leaving, and the cabin was quiet again. Mom liked to sleep in, but she rarely stayed in bed later than ten, so I knew she was probably going to be up soon. I started to feel a little worried about what had happened the night before. Was she going to confront me with it? Should I say something? If so, then what?

It was some time after half past ten that Mom eventually walked in the room. She was wearing the same white shirt as the previous day, and she looked somewhat sleepy.

"Hey baby," she said, giving me a kiss on the forehead. "Have you seen Jules?"

"Yeah, she's be called in to work. She was in a fairly bad mood, to be honest. Some kind of emergency."

Mom pouted. "Poor Jules. I often tell her she shouldn't run there every time they call, or they'll keep doing just that. But then again, she's convinced that they can't properly do their jobs if she's not there to make sure they don't make a monumental blunder, so...did she say when she'd be back?"

"Late afternoon, unless there's dinner."

"There'll probably be dinner."

"Then late today, I suppose."

She sighed. "Well, I guess it's me and you again, baby."

"Yep"

"You know, there's this place that does great avocado salads and shrimps, for takeaway. Julie told me about it, that you had to go in early because it's so popular, and they do takeaway. What do you think?"

I shrugged; "Why not?" Mom was often enthusiastic about food, much more than I was.

"It's a deal then. I'll go take a shower -- have you taken yours?"

"Not yet, but you can go first, Mom."

"Okay, I won't be long.

I smiled. Of course she would be long -- she just loved taking long, hot showers. That was just the way it was. And indeed, it was 11 am when I finally got to take a shower myself. I dressed up lightly (boxers and shorts, a large t-shirt) and exited my room. Mom was waiting for me in the entrance, wearing a light blue dress, looking happy and bubbly.

For sure, she was in a playful mood, and as soon as we were in the car (she was driving, on the basis that it wouldn't be safe for me to be behind the wheel, "considering my condition" as she had said), she chuckled and said: "Do you realize I think I opened my suitcase for the first time this morning? With that dare of yours, I didn't have any use for it until now."

"Good thing you travel light, then," I joked, since she always used to overpack, even for short stays.

"Is that sarcasm I'm hearing?"

"Wh-? Oh, not at all, Mom. I was just, you know, making a comment, that's all."

"Hmm-hm. Anyways. It feels almost weird to be dressed again, don't you think?"

I shrugged. "Yeah, a little."

"Funny how quickly you can get used to all that... I remember reading somewhere how liberating it could be, and at the time I wasn't so sure. But now..."

"Well, it can be embarrassing at times."

"Oh come on, baby, you're among family. What's to be embarrassed about?"

"Well, some things that aren't supposed to happen among family, I guess."

"Wow, Julie was right. You *are* stuck-up..."

I shook my head, unbelieving. "Mom, you can't be serious. I know you've been understanding and all, and I thank you for that, but -- some of my reactions have been... definitely out of what is generally accepted. Right?"

"Baby, it's only the three of us -- well, actually, more like the two of us, since Jules is kind of making an habit of being called away. And despite all you might say, I've been enjoying every moment spent here with you. And going nude didn't change a thing. Well, actually, it has (she giggled), but I'm certainly not complaining."

"Are you sure?"

"Oh, please, Chris, stop that already. Or I'm going to worry that your concussion is much more serious than the doctor implied it was. How blunt do I have to be for you to understand? I like to see you hard, baby. And I'm sure you like to see me naked too," she chuckled.

It took me a few seconds to digest all that. I hadn't really been able to figure out how I was feeling about what was happening between us, and Mom's direct statement had left me speechless, my mind reeling with possible implications.

She carried on: "Remember Julie's nickname, from when we were partying together? 'CockTease', she was, because she was all bluster, but rarely followed through once teasing was over. Well, I'm certainly not the life of the party like she can be, but I've always managed to get the guy I wanted. Because I wasn't afraid to act, whatever others might have been thinking. And what Julie usually forgets to mention when she tells that story about that night at the club, is that *I* came up with that nickname. And that makes all the difference, you know?"

"Yeah, I guess. I mean, I see your point, in a way."

"I wasn't ashamed of what I had done -- and by the way, I had been with that guy at least a month at the time, so no, it wasn't like some kind of sordid backroom thing. (she caught herself) Sorry, baby, I'm venting."

I chuckled. "That's okay, Mom."

"Anyways, I claimed the title -- I was the Cream Queen, and proud of it. (she giggled) By the way, maybe you should do the same."

I was confused. "What do you mean?"

"Claim your title too. Are you sure you're okay with 'BoobLover'? Because judging from what I saw yesterday, the 'Cream King' could definitely be an option..."

I gasped. By now, I had more or less assumed that Mom wouldn't bring up the topic of my nightly session -- wrongfully, it appeared. Blushing, I stuttered. "Erm, I... I'm sorry about..."

"Oh Chris, come on! What did I just tell you? It's just the two of us, what is there to be embarrassed about? That's not the first time I've seen something like that, you know..."

"You mean... you've seen me before...?"

"What? Oh no, silly. What I mean, is that I've seen other guys cum. Though definitely not as... abundantly. Is it always like that with you?"

I shrugged, still completely taken aback by this direction our conversation was going. "I don't know. Yeah, pretty much, I guess."

"Wow. So yeah, definitely the 'Cream King'. (she giggled) So fitting too -- the 'Cream Queen', and the 'Cream King'. Like mother, like son."

I frowned. "Not exactly. I mean, it's..."

"Oh, you're right -- I guess the 'Cream Prince' would be more appropriate. Don't you think?"

I was pretty sure there was nothing remotely 'appropriate' about that line of reasoning, but before I could say anything, she carried on. "You know, it's nearly like... we complete each other."

"Erm, Mom, are you sure that's the way you want to put it?"

"Why, baby? Are you shocked?" She flashed me a saucy smile. I was still very much confused by all this, but I couldn't deny how much this exchange was turning me on.

"It's kinda naughty, right? (she giggled) I'm sure Julia would love it."

"Probably."

"But to be honest, 'Cream King' has a nicer ring to it. 'Prince' implies you'd be second-best or something. So 'Cream King' it is."

"Mom, you're silly."

"Me? Never. And praise the King for his generosity!"

I chuckled, shaking my head in disbelief. "So you really think I should claim that title?"

"Mmm-hm."

I pondered. "Not sure how I'm going to explain it to Julie, though."

"Why don't you just show her? I'm sure she'll be thrilled."

"Ha ha. Nah, I only do private showings."

"Hmm, so you're saying I'm privileged?"

"Very much so."

"So that was all for me?" She smiled.

"All for you, Mom," I said, putting something of an emphasis on 'Mom', to gauge her reaction.

She fidgeted in her seat. "Hmm, I like the sound of it." And for sure, so did I -- my cock was painfully hard in my shorts.

I was about to say something when Mom took a turn and told me we were nearly there. And indeed, a few minutes later, we were stopping on a rather empty parking lot, next to what looked like a larger version of the cabin. Yet, the colorful sign at the entrance (sporting the local specialty) made sure to dispel any possible confusion.

Mom turned to me. "So, shall we?"

"Erm, in a minute, maybe?"

She frowned. "What's the matter, baby?"

"I... I guess I'm not really decent, Mom"

She giggled. "Really? You... (she turned to a conspiratory whisper) Is it because of all our talk?"

I nodded.

"Wow." She bit her lower lip, then turned to me to whisper again. "Show me."

I should have hesitated, or shown at least some restraint. But I didn't -- I just pulled my waistband down and turned towards her to let her see my hard cock, the head glistening with precum. It wasn't a quick flash, either. I was, to use her own words, claiming the moment and proudly showing off.

She giggled. "Wow."

"You said that already, Mom," I chuckled. "I guess you have that kind of effect on me, my Queen," I winked at her. And, pushed by a sudden inspiration, I carried on. "Though to be honest, you are at an advantage."

"What do you mean, baby?" she asked, her eyes still on my cock.

"Well, you've had indisputable proof of my being the Cream King..."

"Yes, and...?" she started asking, before stopping herself and staring at me, a sassy look on her face. "Oh, I see. Someone is suddenly getting bolder."

"Is that a reproach?"

"Not at all. Just an observation." She giggled.

"What is it?"

"I just thought that you can't have a Cream Queen without a Cream King."

I pondered that for a moment. "You've got a point. But now that you have one..."

I was interrupted by the sound of tires on gravel, and looking in the mirror, saw that another car had joined us on the parking lot. I quickly hid my cock back in my pants, blushing a little. Mom giggled again, opened her door and motioned me to follow her. Reluctantly, and hoping my large t-shirt would be hiding my erect state, I stepped out.

About twenty minutes later, we were on our way back to the cabin. Our conversation had moved to more mundane things, but my thoughts kept going back to what she had implied. She was the Cream Queen, and she had dubbed me the Cream King... I couldn't see that as anything else but an open invitation. A very tempting one.

There was no one on the road, so the trip back was surprisingly short. Since Mom had been driving, I was holding our order, which means I went in first to drop it on the counter of the kitchen. The clock on the wall indicated just a little past noon, but considering how late Mom had gotten out of bed, I assumed we wouldn't be having lunch right away. I went back to the living room, and quickly took off my clothes -- which I sent flying through the opened door to my room. Mom saw me on her way back from her own room, and smiled.

"Hmm, this is much better this way," she giggled, her gaze visibly dropping to my swollen cock. I took her in, and noticed how her nipples seemed particularly perky. She dropped on the sofa, sitting cross-legged, her eyes still on me. There was definitely electricity in the air. I suddenly had a wild inspiration, and stepped a little closer.

"Are you feeling hungry, Mom?"

She looked at me quizzically. "Hmm, not yet, no. Why?"

"Well, since we have some time..."

"Yes, baby?"

"I was thinking about what you said earlier, in the car. About... claiming the title, you know? So I thought that maybe, I should make sure that you get a good view this time. You know, not something that might lead to false expectations, because of bad lighting or something."

"Oh," she smiled. "I mean, that sounds very sensible to me."

"It does, right? One must be sure, with these kind of things." I started stroking, slowly, standing right before her. As she was sitting, my cock was level with her wonderful breasts. I pointed it towards them, and Mom quickly reacted by crossing her arms under them, nodding encouragingly. My hand began to move faster.

"Hmm, baby, that's beautiful... oh yes... please, cum for me, baby. Cum for me..."

It was too much for me. Her words were making my head spin, and the sight of her...

"Oh Mom!" I gasped, as I felt that familiar sensation in my groin, before I couldn't hold it anymore. I let out an animal sound (something between a moan and a grunt) as the first spurt landed on her breasts, followed by many more. Mom was repeating "Oh baby... oh baby..." as if in a daze, unconsciously licking her lips while her eyes were wide open, feasting on the sight of the mess I had made. I was nearly spent, coaxing the last few drops from my softening cock when she looked at me. She didn't say a word, but she didn't need to. I took a step forward, and she delicately took my cockhead in her mouth. I could feel her tongue flickering around it, licking off the cum, and she moaned again when a last pull managed to milk out yet another small drop. She reluctantly let go of my tired cock, glowing with pleasure and lust, and started gathering my cum from her breasts, licking it hungrily from her fingers.

She giggled. "See, baby, I told you: we complete each other."

My knees weak, I sat down on the low table facing the sofa. I couldn't take my eyes off her.

"My Queen," I whispered.

"My King," she replied.

"Are you... are you okay?" I asked, suddenly realizing the enormity of what we had just done.

"I think I am," she replied jokingly. "Are you?"

"I... I think so."

"Are you sure?"

I was about to answer when my stomach let out a very audible growl. Mom giggled, and stood up. "Come on, we have get some food into you. With what you came, baby, no wonder you're hungry!"

With a last smile, she headed for the kitchen, leaving me speechless.

The lunch that followed was kind of strange, to be honest. We could have been avoiding the subject of what had just happened, or to the contrary be speaking only of it -- both options would have made sense to me, if you had asked me beforehand (that is, supposing I had been able to put aside the otherworldliness of that question). But what happened was something so unexpectedly natural: we were chatting as we usually were, and that topic was just one among many that our conversations were bound to encompass.

The food was probably good, but I don't remember it at all. What I remember, though, is that at one point Mom noticed that there was a dollop of my cum on the side of one of her breasts, and joking about the delicious mess I had made, simply gathered it with her finger before bringing it to her mouth. I remember how amazed I was at her -- how beautiful she was, how bright her eyes were on me, how sexy the whole thing was.

I know it sounds lame, but I took a nap after we cleaned the plates. I was exhausted from the piled-up emotions, and I just passed out as soon as I laid down on the large bed in Mom's room. When I woke up, Mom, was reading next to me, and graced me with one of her wonderful smiles.

"Hello baby..."

"Hey Mom." I looked around, a bit disoriented. "I... I must have fallen asleep," I said, unsure if I hadn't dreamt the whole thing.

"Sure you did, baby. How are you feeling?"

"Okay, I guess," I said, pushing myself up against the wall.

She moved closer to me and put her head on my shoulder. Her hand fell casually on my thigh. "It's nice to be together here, baby."

"Yeah, Mom. I mean, at least that accident had an upside."

She giggled. "It sure did. And I'm glad we went for that dare with Julie."

I put an arm over her shoulder, my hand coming to rest against her breast. When she didn't react, I took my chance and cupped it against my palm. She snuggled closer to me, letting out a lovely sigh.

After a long moment, she kissed my cheek, and moved away, kneeling on the bed. Her eyes in mine, she gave my cock a light lick, before asking, playful: "May I, my King?"

I chuckled. "You know, I was wondering if it was just a dream."

She smiled. "Oh, it was that good?"

"Mmm-hm."

"Well, you haven't seen anything yet, baby." And she went back to licking my cock, that was slowly rising to attention. I moved my hands so that I was now holding her heavy breasts in my palms, feeling the taut nipples against my skin. She moaned encouragingly, before taking me in her mouth.

"Mom, this is heavenly," I moaned.

"I know, baby, I know."

Again, I was surprised by how natural it all was. I remembered my first time with my previous girlfriends, how there was this kind of urgency of getting it done, as if there was only that one chance and it was gone. There was nothing of the kind there -- I was at peace, marveling at the incredible sight of my mother, lovingly sucking on my cock, as I was caressing her heavy breasts.

"Mom... this is beautiful," I whispered, in awe.

"Yes it is, baby."

I came shortly after that -- I know I was nearly overwhelmed by the moment, and Mom's expert cajoling of my cock did the rest. I exploded on her tongue, her moans of pleasure echoing mine as I shot my seed down her throat again and again. She had stopped moving her head, but her hand was still on me, milking me dry, lovingly. She finally let go of my cock, laying her head on my thigh with a contended sigh.

"Oh Mom..."

"I know, baby. It's perfect."

It was perfect, and we stayed like this for a long time, my hand caressing her hair. Until the unexpected sound of wheels on the gravel outside made us start. I quickly went to the living room and through the closed blinds, I saw Julie coming out of her car. I told Mom, who had already straightened up the covers on the bed and came to my side, handing me my kindle before quickly sitting down on the sofa with one of her magazines. When Julie opened the door, she was met with the most innocent of displays (excepting the fact that we were both naked, of course) -- Mom looking up from her reading place, and me walking to the door to see who was there. She beamed us a tired smile.

"Hey, now that's my kind of welcome committee," she joked. "Looking good, Chris. I hope you two didn't misbehave too much while I was away, right?"

"Nah, I woke up late and we went to that shrimp place you had told me about," Mom said, without missing a beat. "And Chris was tired and took a little nap, just like he did yesterday. How are things with you, Jules?"

She sighed. "Damn, I was hoping you guys had done something incredibly naughty to at least bring me some distraction. It's a mess over there -- I only came back to grab my laptop cord and my phone charger... though now that I'm here, I definitely regret having to go back there. Honestly, Mads, how do you do it?"

"What exactly?"

"Resist temptation with this young stud around, of course!" She gave me a playful slap on the ass, surprising me.

"Hey!" I protested.

"Who says I'm resisting?" Mom joked, with a wink.

"Yeah, right. Anyways, gotta go, or things are going to explode at the office. Have fun while I'm away, okay? But not too much fun, or I'll be jealous."

She gave us a little wave before walking out the door to her car. A few minutes later, we heard the car turning on the main road, and silence fell down on us.

We looked at each other, and we suddenly became overcome with laughter. I sat down on the armchair across from Mom, trying to gather myself. It took us a few minutes to recover.

"Wow," I eventually managed. "You have some poker face, Mom."

"Thanks. That was a close call."

"Indeed. It's a good thing she came by after lunch, and not right before it, though."

"Oh yes," Mom giggled. "It would have been hard to explain..."

"Well, I don't think it would have been hard to explain. To justify, though..."

"You're right, baby." She stretched like a cat, and I felt something stir in my stomach. She was beautiful.

We went out on the deck at the back of the cabin and ended up spending the better of the next hours there. It was a quiet afternoon -- we didn't do much. Contrary to the previous day, there was a light breeze blowing, and it felt just a little too cool for taking a dive in the lake.

Which means that I actually made some progress in my book, while Mom was working on her tan and doing some reading of her own. The surroundings were silent (well, compared to how it is in the city -- birds were singing, insects were chirping, you get the picture), so much that we almost jumped when around five, Mom's phone started ringing. She went in to pick it up and answered while walking back.

"Hey Jules, how are you doing? Oh, wait, I'm going to put you on speakerphone, so that Chris can hear you. Here you go."

Mom sat next to me and put the phone on the low table before us.

"Hey guys. (she sighed) I'm so sorry, it's just hell around here and -- what is it, Janet? oh come on, do I have to do everything around here? I'm on the phone here, go ask Mike, he knows how the scanner works. Of course he does! I don't care, Janet, go ask him. This is unbelievable! Are you still there, guys?

"Yes, we are. Sounds complicated..." Mom chuckled.

"You have no idea. I've never seen them like that. I mean, they're not always super sharp, you know, but today it seems that they're all playing some kind of dumb and dumber game. And not the funny kind. Anyways. How are you doing over there?"

"We're good, I guess." Mom winked at me.

"Hmm, you sure? Chris, are you okay? You can tell me if she's boring you to death, right?"

I smiled. "No, we're great, we're have a good time here. But you know it's never as fun as it is when you're around," I joked. Mom rolled her eyes, swiftly slid to the floor, and started nibbling at my cock. "Mom!" I mouthed, trying to keep some sort of composure.

"Ha ha! Mads, your son is such a sweet-talker... What? But did you--? What did he say? Dammit! Give me a minute, I'm coming. Okay, guys, I'm going to have to cut it short, or things are going to explode around here. So Chris, you're sure things are not too hard with your mother?"

We nearly burst out laughing, as indeed, things were getting very hard with my dear mother at that moment. But I did my best to sound lofty and detached when I answered: "Nah, I know she's trying her best..."

"Ok, good. Keep on the good work, Mads." Mom giggled, her mouth wrapped around my cockhead.

"Will do, Jules," she said, before teasing me again.

"Good. Because obviously, I won't be able to make it back to you guys today. Maybe tomorrow, but -- I don't know. The way this thing is going, it's going to be an all-nighter, and... Yes, I'm coming, give me a minute. Anyways. There was something else I wanted to tell you, but..."

"Maybe that wasn't that important," I joked, hoping to end the call before things got too risky -- and considering the way Mom was enthusiastically playing with my cock, I didn't have long.

"Yeah, probably. Anyways, I'll call you tomorrow, and enjoy your time there, okay? Talk soon guys, love ya."

"Bye Jules," we both said, and the line went dead.

I looked at Mom, who looked back at me with her most innocent smile. "Yes, baby?"

"Mom, you've been naughty?"

"Have I?" she smiled, giving my cock a lusty lick before moving back to her chair, facing me.

"Mmm-hmm," I nodded. "Honestly, what got into you?"

"Hm? I don't know, I guess I wanted to see you squirm a little... and squirm you did," she giggled.

"That was unfair."

"Was it?...Maybe a little." She stuck her tongue at me, her eyes sparkling.

"And you know I don't like it when things are unfair."

"So what are you going to do about it, baby?"

"I'm going to settle the score, I guess."

"Wha-? Chris!" she nearly yelped, as it was my turn to slide down my chair and position myself between her legs. She looked at me, her eyes wide -- and then I gave her the lightest of licks. As I started lightly probing her wet slit with the tip of my tongue, she purred and bit her lower lip and closed her eyes.

As soon as I had a taste, I felt ravenous -- and soon I was all over her pussy, kissing, nibbling and teasing, listening to her moans to guide me. My hands were on her thighs, but she grabbed one and put it against her breasts. It nearly caught my breath away -- the feeling of heaviness, the hard nipple against my palm... I moaned and grabbed that voluptuous flesh, as it was offered to me. My tongue was now exploring her folds, alternatively teasing her clit and pushing as deep as I could. I moved my other hand and started lightly caressing her pussy lips with the tip of my finger... before slowing pushing it in.

She was breathing harder now, her body trembling sometimes, and I kept devouring her.

"Oh baby," she moaned, and I moaned back, two fingers now deep in her pussy, and my lips all over her clit. She moaned some more, her voice now hoarse with something deeply animal, and I felt her tense once more... and then suddenly she let out a strangled cry. I rode her climax, my tongue flickering all over her, my hands holding her, until she begged me to stop.

I gave her pussy a last kiss, and sat back on my chair, a contented smile on my face.

Mom was sprawled over her chair, catching her breath, looking at me and shaking her head.

"What's the matter, Mom?" I chuckled. "You had it coming..."

She smiled. "Indeed... but that's not the way I expected it to happen."

"Oh really?"

"Really. And while that was nice..."

"Only nice?"

"Okay, really nice... don't be cocky, young man!" she giggled, before carrying on. "Yes, while that was really nice, I still would like my treat."

"Your treat?"

"Yes, baby."

"What exactly are you talking about?"

She smiled. "Oh, you know exactly what I'm talking about, baby."

"Hm?"

She moved closer to me and whispered in my ear: "I want you to feed me your cum, baby."

She smiled, and continued, matter-of-factly. "Remember, you're the Cream King. With great power comes great responsibility, right?"

I nodded and stood, standing next to her. Without surprise, my cock was hard and ready. Her eyes locked on mine, she licked her lips hungrily.

Half an hour later, we were reclining on the sofa inside. The early evening chill had chased us from the deck. Mom was snuggled against me, enjoyably warm and soft, and I kept casting furtive glances at her. There was something surreal to what had happened today, and I still wasn't sure I hadn't dreamt it all. Her face was innocent and serene, obviously focused on what she was reading, and at the same time her nakedness (and the undeniable opulence of her breasts) radiated sensuality. I got a flash of her looking up at me, smiling, my cum smeared all over her lips, sucking on my cock to coax the last few drops out. She must have sensed something, since she looked up at me, some unsaid question in her eyes, and I just shook my head to reassure her. She blew me a kiss before returning to her book.

I took a deep breath, savoring the perfection of the moment. What was surprising me, besides the fact that these things had happened at all, that is, was how natural it had all felt. There had been no awkwardness between us, no rushed things -- as if we had all the time in the world, and as if we were just enjoying something we had done (and thoroughly enjoyed) countless of times. I eventually picked up my book, but I wasn't into it. I kept looking back at Mom, still marveling how at much I loved her.

Slightly after seven that evening, my stomach started grumbling, and after Mom had joked about "the appetite of these young guys", we went to the kitchen to fix something to eat. We microwaved some pizza and whipped up a little salad to go with it, and we sat down at the table to eat.

Again, I was surprised by how simple the whole thing was. For sure, Mom's exposed (and glorious) breasts were a sure reminder that this wasn't your normal family dinner. And still -- there was nothing in our conversation that night that was particularly different, except maybe for the light flirting between us. We took our time (diving into a big bucket of ice cream for dessert), and it was closing in on nine when we finally put away the dishes and cleaned the table.

I walked behind Mom, and on an impulse, wrapped my arms around her. Mom let out a soft sigh, and put her arms on top of mine. I intended it as nothing but a loving embrace, but of course, our nakedness made it much more. Indeed, her breasts were weighing on my arms, and my cock was snug against her ass. I started nibbling at her neck lightly, and she turned her head towards me to meet my lips. We kissed, our tongues connecting and sending chills down my spine. My hands moved up and grabbed her breasts, and she moaned in my mouth. She started grinding her ass against me, my cock hard between her thighs, feeling her wetness down there. I wanted her.

I pushed her forward against the table, and she just laid down on top of it. I grabbed her hips and positioned myself so that my cockhead was brushing against her pussy. And, very deliberately, I started to slide in. Mom was biting her lower lip, and when she saw I was looking at her, flashed me a lovely smile over her shoulder. I started pounding in and out, my stomach hitting her ass again and again. Her moans were answering my grunts, and in spite of having already cum three times that day, I could feel yet another climax boiling in my balls.

"Oh Mom, I'm gonna cum," I warned her.

"Yes baby, yess!" she moaned, as I felt her contract around me. That took me over the edge, and I started pumping cum deep into her folds -- thrusting deep with each spurt, Mom joining her moans to mine. When I was done, I nearly stumbled back, my knees suddenly weak, and sat down heavily on a chair. Mom straightened up and squatted in front of me.

"Come on baby, let me clean you..." she purred, before taking my cock in her hand and sliding it in her mouth. Her other hand was between her legs, and she soon brought it up, filled with my cum. She let go of my now softening cock, and started licking hungrily from her palm. I watched her, mesmerized. She repeated the process once more, giggling: "Wow, there's so much of it..."

"I like to please my Queen," I retorted.

"And I my King," she smiled.

She finally stood up, gave me a quick peck on the lips and went to the bathroom for a quick shower. That last orgasm had left me exhausted, and I was pretty much operating on automatic pilot. Mom decided to take charge and led me to her room, and had me lie down on the large bed. "Sleep tight, baby," she whispered, and turned off the light. I was asleep before she was out the door.

When I woke up, it was light outside, and it took me a minute to figure out where I was. The clock on the bedside table indicated 9am, which was probably some sort of record for me. I was feeling rested and much better than the previous days. There was a warm place in the bed by my side, indicating Mom had slept there, but had probably woken up a short while ago. I stepped out of the bed and went to the kitchen. Mom was there, making herself a cup of tea.

"Hey Mom."

"Hey baby -- did I wake you?"

"Not at all. (I blinked a few times) My, I'm not used to sleeping that much."

"How are you feeling?"

"Rested, I guess. But I probably need some coffee before I can operate normally."

"Sit down and let me get you some," she instructed me.

I did as she told me, and just took pleasure watching her move around the kitchen, gloriously naked. I couldn't tire of the sight of her body, and when I told her so, she blushed in the most lovely fashion. She eventually sat down with me, putting two steaming mugs on the table. I sipped on mine, enjoying the bite of the hot coffee.

"So," she smiled, "what do you have in mind for today, baby?"

"Well, I don't know. I'm just happy spending... quality time with you, Mom, I guess."

"Oh? Spending time with your boring old Mom, as Jules would say?"

"Something like this. And you're neither boring nor old, Mom."

"Thank you, baby. And I'm glad you feel that way, I-- what is it?"

We both started as we heard the sound of tires on gravel that indicated someone was arriving at the cabin. I quickly went to the kitchen's window and looked outside.

"Hm, doesn't look like Julie's car... no, it's a family wagon, and... damn, that's Julie's brother!"

"What?"

"Quick, let's get dressed before they get in!"

We scrambled to the room, and got dressed up as fast as we could. We gave ourselves a quick check, just in time. They were opening the door in the entrance, and there was a moment of surprise when we got to meet.

James, Julie's brother, frowned and put down the two heavy suitcases he was holding. Behind him, his wife Marcy and their three kids were crowding the door, trying to get a peek at what was blocking their way.

"Erm, hi Maddie, Chris."

"Hello James," Mom said. "That's a nice surprise."

"A surpr-? Oh, you mean that Julie didn't tell you? She said she would call you and tell you we were on our way."

"No, she didn't. It must have slipped her mind, there was an emergency at work..."

"Yes, she told me. But erm, so yes, we weren't supposed to get here before Friday, but we were staying at Marcy's parents, and her sister was there and--"

"James, they don't have to know about it," snapped Marcy. "We had to change our plans, that's all. Guys, go to your rooms while Daddy empties the car, okay?"

The kids darted to the rooms, and Marcy headed to the kitchen, as if she owned the place. She continued: "Usually, we get to use the cabin at this time of the year. Do you know when Julie's going to get back here?"

Mom's tone was tense when she replied -- obviously, she didn't like Marcy much, and I sure understood why. "She didn't say, but probably not soon. Look, Marcy, we'll just be on our way..."

"Oh, no, Maddie, I wasn't saying you should leave..."

Oh sure you did, I thought, but Mom showed much more diplomacy than I would have been able to.

"No, it's okay. I mean, the reason we came here was first and foremost to spend some time with Julie, and since she's not there... I don't see the point of getting in your way, you know?"

"Are you sure?"

"Definitely, don't worry about us."

"Oh, Maddie, it's so nice of you. I really feel bad about..."

"Don't. We're going to pack our things, and we'll be on our way. I know how it is with kids, don't worry. They can be more than a handful," she said while winking in my direction. I managed to keep a straight face, and followed Mom to our room.

It didn't take us long to clean up everything, and put the sheets in the laundry. We also picked up Julie's stuff (figuring we could save her a potentially explosive confrontation with her sister-in-law) and went to the car outside. James was still doing back-and-forth, now bringing a large crate of food to the kitchen.

"Bye James, enjoy the vacation," Mom quipped.

"Why, Maddie, you're going? We don't want to..."

"No worries, James. We discussed that with Marcy, and it's simpler for you anyways. Enjoy and see you soon, okay?"

"Erm, sure. Bye Chris."

"Bye, James."

By the time Mom was taking her seat behind the wheel, we could already hear the kids yelling and playing, and Marcy complaining to James that he had forgotten to bring something, and that she had specifically instructed him to take it, and how many times did she have to remind him.

We drove away, without much regret. We spent the better part of the trip back home making fun of James and criticizing Marcy, feeling that she well deserved it. But I couldn't help feel that our vacation was over. That cabin by the lake was a nice place remote from the whole world, and there, we had been free. Home was -- well, home, and it was laden with mundanity and boring daily life. Mom opened the door, and I brought our suitcases inside. I took a deep breath. The dream was over.

Mom started busying herself downstairs, opening the windows and letting some fresh air in. I took my stuff and brought it to my room. Then I got back downstairs, a little forlorn. Mom was waiting for me, naked. I looked at her, speechless.

"How come you're still all dressed up, baby?" she smiled. "The vacation's not over, you know."

"Oh? But I thought--"

"Tsk, tsk, tsk. I'll have nothing like that around this house, mister. The rules are clear. When we're inside, the clothes have to go."

"Even if Julie is not around?" I joked.

"Who cares about Julie? Baby, from now on, you're mine."

I smiled and took off my clothes. "But of course, my Queen."

"Good. And please come over here, my King," she said, sitting down on the sofa. "I haven't had any cream yet, and I feel ravenous."

Taking a bow, I walked to her, and spread my hands around my cock as if presenting some kind of exceptional offering.

"Thank you baby," she purred, before taking it between her lips. I watched her, transfixed -- my eyes full of love, and wondering if this wonderful vacation would ever end.