Our Daughter Moves Home
byImstillfun©
Authors note: A huge thank you to all my fans. You are the people who keep me writing. I now have over 4800 followers/people who have marked me as a favorite author. Thank you so much. That makes me the 32nd most followed author on Literotica.

Please continue to rate my stories, leave comments, and leave feedback. I love waking up to new comments in the morning. It is your comments and feedback that keep writing.

==========================================

I was nervous. Our Katie was moving back home after five years of college. I was nervous for many reasons. Mostly, Dave and I had gotten used to our empty nest status.

It wasn't as if Katie never came home when she was at school, but those were short visits, she visited with friends and, except at night, she just wasn't home all the time.

Summers she had traveled. Why not, it was her money. Between scholarships, working, saving and what we were able to afford, she could afford to travel during her summers and we encouraged her. After all, when else would you see the world?

But this was different. School was over. Most of her friends had all scattered to jobs or to find themselves. Katie was moving home with no plans except to "look for a job".

I thought about how this would change our lives. I was 43 Dave was 45. I had Katie at 19. There were some rough financial times but we were in a good place now.

I laughed to myself. The first place I thought of that it would change in our lives would be sex. I thought it funny that it was the first thing I thought of. After all, so many things would change, but sex was the first one I thought of.

Since Katie moved out Dave and I had rediscovered ourselves. We both started working out. I was proud of the body I'd worked so hard at. At 5'5" and 140 lbs I still could lose a little but I thought I had great curves. With a 36c bustline I could still rock a bikini. I had let my hair grow out from the short mom cut to something a lot more feminine. I looked good.

Dave did even better. 5'11" he was down to 180 lbs. His salt and pepper hair gave him that distinguished look that women love. He got his share of looks when we went out. It was kind of cool being seen with him knowing women were admiring him.

All this also led to a more active lifestyle. We went out more, made friends to hang out with, and best and not least, we had rekindled a sex life that had become a little ordinary. We'd rediscovered ourselves.

For one thing sex became more often. Don't get me wrong. For an old married couple we had a pretty good sex life, but nothing like before we were married.

We were 4-6 times a month people. Now, sometimes, it was twice a day. We were back to fucking all over the house, the stairs, kitchen table, bent over the couch, bent over the kitchen counter. Not only did we regain the passion of our youth, but we knew so much more and that made it so much better.

With Katie home we would be relegated back to the bedroom.

On top of that there was no more running around naked. Katie had seen me in underwear plenty of times. I'd always slept in a T and panties. It was always mismatched cotton mom stuff. Now I wore only matching more expensive underwear. I wondered if she'd comment.

Obviously Dave was back to workout shorts and full coverage. No more boxer briefs or naked.

Even so, we were looking forward to having her home.

It was the day of her arrival. We were both dressed and waiting for her. We were going to have a little party that evening, but right now we weren't expecting her for a few hours.

I was just puttering around the house in jeans and a t shirt. Dave came up behind me. He wrapped his arms around me and kissed the back of my neck.

I stood up straight and leaned back against his chest into his arms.

"Mmmmm..," I purred.

"Let's fuck," he whispered in my ear.

"Now?" I replied. "She'll be home anytime now."

"We're not expecting her for a few hours." he said as he cupped and caressed my breasts.

I gave in. I rarely said no these days, after all, I liked it as much as he did.

"Where?" Was all I said.

"Here," he said. I was standing behind the couch.

I put my hands on the back of the couch and wiggled my ass at him.

"Here?" I teased. "What kind of girl gets fucked on demand leaning over the back of the couch?"

He leaned over me and kissed my ear. "My wife," he replied.

I pushed my ass into hm. "You're wife," I repeated.

Dave undid my belt and my jeans. He pushed them and my panties down around my thighs. I bent over even further. I couldn't really spread my legs as the pants and panties were holding my thighs together.

I didn't need any foreplay. I liked it when he treated me like this and my reaction was almost instant. I heard him pull his cock out.

He licked his hand and spread the saliva over the tip of his cock. With that, the precum, and how wet I was he slid right in me.

"Mmmmm," I moaned. "That feels so good,'

"I love you," he said. Then he joked, "I guess we'll be giving this up for awhile."

"Yeah," I mused. "Maybe we need a couch in the bedroom." I joked.

"How about some of those sex pillows? We could try all sorts of new stuff with them," he laughed.

As he did he was thrusting his cock in and out of me. It felt good.

"I'm sure Katie would love that," I replied. "Why don't we also leave sex toys strewn around the room..

He started fucking me harder. I gasped, but got the rhythm. We fucked for a few minutes. The only sounds were my moans as his cock made my pussy wetter and wetter.

"I'm going to miss this," I said breathlessly.

"Me too," he answered.

Just then we heard a car door. Dave pulled out of me and we quickly adjusted our clothes. Just in time. Katie walked in the door.

I ran to her and hugged her. "I'm so glad to see you," I said. "You're early."

"Yeah, I was ready sooner than I thought so I just headed home." She replied. "Ummm...what happened to your hair," she asked.

I looked in a mirror. I had just fucked hair. I changed the subject.

"Well, were glad you're here," I said. "Are you hungry?"

We went in the kitchen to get caught up. She looked great. She was a bit shorter than me about 5'4". She must have weighed about 120lbs She had a curvy athletic body. Her long dirty blonde hair was tied in a ponytail behind back.

We chatted about her job, school, then I asked about her boyfriend.

"Oh, we broke up," she said, matter of factly.

"Oh?" Was all I said. Not wanted to pry. Ok I wanted to pry, but held myself back.

She knew she couldn't just leave it there.

"I broke up with him a few weeks ago. He was a great college boyfriend, but we were both going to separate locations and our long term goals were not really compatible," she went on. "He was really upset, but it was for the best."

"Besides," she said with a grin, "the sex was getting dull."

"Katie!" I exclaimed.

"What? I'm 24, I've had sex." she explained.

"I'm just not sure dad and I have to know the details," I replied.

She laughed. "That wasn't details, that was a broad brush. I'm sure dad couldn't handle the details." We both looked at Dave.

"I don't need details," he said with a voice between disgust and fear.

Katie and I laughed.

We turned the conversation back to school and her plans.

Funny though, I couldn't stop thinking, 'I wonder what her sex life is like?'

We chatted a bit more. She went to to get settled in her room. We went back to puttering around the house.

Katie told us she was going to meet a friend. She'd be back soon. That was fine. We didn't expect her to entertain us.

As soon as she left Dave came up behind me and put his arms around me.

"Where were we," he asked.

I pushed my ass into him, "bent over the couch, but I think those days are over for awhile. Let's go to the bedroom."

"Damn children and their mad desire not to see their parents fuck," joked Dave.

"Take me to the bedroom and I'll make it worth your while," I teased.

"Well, who can resist an offer like that," he laughed and we walked to the bedroom.

As I closed the bedroom door. I turned and kissed him. I always loved the way he kissed.

"Mmmmmmmm," I moaned and pushed him to sitting on the bed.

Standing in front of him I undid my belt and jeans. I slowly pushed my jeans and panties over my hips and to the floor. I stepped out of them and kicked them away. Then I slowly peeled off my t shirt. I wasn't wearing a bra.

He reached for me. I danced away, "nope," I laughed. "This is my show."

I got down on my knees between his legs. I undid his belt buckle and pulled his cock out. I held it in my hands and looked at it. There was a drop of precum on the tip. I flicked my tongue out and licked it off.

"Mmmmmmm," I sighed and licked my lips.

I then lowered my mouth onto his cock. I could stil taste the remnants of my pussy on it. I wrapped my lips around the head while I stroked the shaft. I alternated between that and sucking on the sides, licking the side, and licking the top. Then I'd take the tip back in my mouth and stroke it.

He reached for me to pull me to him. I pulled back.

"All you baby," I said. "My mouth, my face, my hair, my tits, you choose. Fill my mouth or paint me with your cum. Whatever you want."

I continued to suck and pump his cock. As I did I'd coax him. "What do you want baby. Want to see me covered in cum? I love the way your cum feels on my skin. Want to fill my mouth? I love the way it tastes. What do you want baby? all yours."

I could feel him start to stiffen. "What do you want baby," I asked.

"Suck me," he said.

I lowered my mouth over his cock and stroked his shaft, "Mmmmmmm," I moaned.

His cock started to pulse. Jet after jet of hot cum filled my mouth, I swallowed as fast as I could. As he finished I licked the tip and sides to clean him up.

"I love your cum baby,"I said."

He fell back on the bed. "I love you too," he said.

"I'm going to jump in the shower," I said and headed to the bathroom.

Dave just laid on the bed.

I got up to take a shower. We were expecting company around 5:00 we had plenty of time

I dressed and went to the kitchen to start prepping. Katie came in.

We'd been in the bedroom for a while. I wondered how long she'd been home. I didn't have to wonder long.

"Sounds like you were having fun," she quipped.

I just looked at her puzzled.

"I walked by your door on the way to my room. The doors are hollow,"

I wondered what she heard. I was feeling on edge, she seemed to be enjoying herself.

"I'm sorry," I said. "We didn't realize we were that loud." I added.

"Mom, I'm old enough to know my parents have sex. I just figured the afternoon was because you were old. Kind of like an early bird special." She teased.

"We're not that old," I responded with mock indignation.

"Obviously not, " she said. Then to the tune of the children's song 'head shoulders knees and toes' she started singing, "Mouth, my hair my face or tits, face or tits, Mouth, my hair my face or tits, face or tits,"

I blushed, "oh my god. Did you hear that?" I asked. I don't know why I said it, she obviously had.

"Don't sweat it mom. Who knew my parents were so kinky," she laughed.

I had no response. I changed the subject, we chatted a bit, and she did her email and whatever else she does on her tablet.

That short conversation kept going through my head. She'd heard us. What must she think of me, her mother, begging for cum. Telling him he could cum on me. I kept it to myself.

She finally left to get ready for the party. I headed to my room to dress. Dave was still taking a nap.

As I was dressing Katie knocked on our door. I was in panties and bra, but Dave was under the covers. I told her to come in.

When she came in the room Dave woke up, both of us were shocked. She came in wearing a little pair of boy short panties and a t shirt that came to her navel.

I think we both stared. First she looked hot, second, we were just surprised.

She caught us staring. She looked at her outfit,

"What? I'm covered, you've seen me in less at the beach," she chastised us.

She was right, but the last time we saw her at the beach was when she was 18 and she didn't have the curves she has now.

I don't think Dave had any clue what to say. I spoke up, "you're right sweetie. It just caught us off guard. When you left for school you were still wearing pajamas. What do you need.

She kind of gave us a look and then said, "yeah, but you always wore a t and panties around the house. Anyway, can I borrow a dress. Mine are all wrinkled from the trip."

"Of course you can," I said.

Dave just kept looking at us. I think the idea of two women in their underwear in his bedroom was a lot for him. Especially because one was his daughter and he wasn't supposed to look.

We went through my closet and found a short sleeve shirt dress that would fit her. With her back to her father she took off her top and slipped the dress on. She buttoned just enough buttons to be decent. She looked great.

She kissed me on the cheek, waved to her dad and headed out of our room.

"Ummm...," Dave looked confused.

I just shrugged my shoulders and got dressed.

Guests started arriving. The party was fine, nothing exciting everyone had fun.

After the party we decided to watch a little TV. Dave and I sat down on the couch and Katie went to her room. When she came back she was back in her panties and crop top. She laid down on the floor in front of us. Ass facing us.

I'm not sure Dave knew what to do or where to look. I think he tried to not look, but every time she moved his attention was drawn back to her ass.

After the show Katie said, "Well I'm off to bed. She kissed me then her dad on the cheek.

"Us too," I said.

Katie laughed and headed off to bed singing 'head, shoulders, knees, and toes.'

When we got to the bedroom Dave said, "What was that all about."

"What? The pajamas?" I said.

"Those weren't pajamas. They were a frat boys wet dream," he said.

I laughed and put my arms around him.

"Our baby's all grown up," I said. "What can I tell you."

I let my hand slide down his belly to his cock. It was rock hard in his pants.

"Ooooo, who's this for?" I teased. "Did our baby's sexy little ass effect you?"

"Damn it, no," he protested.

I stroked his cock through his pants.

"Well either way, why don't we use this," I said.

I stripped off my clothes and got on the bed on my knees, shoulders down, ass up.

"Is this ok baby? Is this how you want me? Have you been looking at that sexy ass all evening and now you want to fuck? Will my ass do?," I teased.

Dave quickly got out of his clothes and knelt behind me. He slid his fingers into my pussy to make sure I was wet enough, I was, and then he slid his cock into my pussy from behind. He grabbed my ass and started fucking me. Long slow strokes.

"That's it baby, fuck me, did our little girls ass turn you on? She's not so little anymore. God she has an amazing ass. Didn't our baby have an amazing ass," I teased as he fucked me.

I realized that I was getting turned on too. There was something about checking out our daughters ass that was very naughty. I rationalized it wasn't unusual, after all, we hadn't seen her/it for a while, so it just registered as a sexy ass.

I was letting myself go to the cock inside of me. He started thrusting with more urgency.

"Mmmmm.., that's it, fuck that feels good, god yes. I don't care whose ass you're thinking of, if it makes you this hard you can think about any ass you choose."

He started fucking me harder. I felt my orgasm build.

"Fuck yes, don't stop, I'm going to cum," I cried. I forgot to be quiet.

"Cum for me," he ordered.

"That's it, fuck me, oh god, yes, god I love your cock," I tried to be quiet, but wasn't doing very well.

"Oh fuck," I moaned as I came.

I felt Dave's cock pulsing inside as he started to come . Hot cum felt good against my pussy. I sighed and rolled over on my back.

I thought I'd heard something in the hall. I listened. I couldn't hear anything.

"Mmmmmm, that was good babe," I said as I kissed Dave.

"Still the best fuck around," said Dave teasingly. "You're amazing.

We fell asleep in each other's arms.

I woke up the next day and headed down to make breakfast. Katie was already in the kitchen, working at the stove. I had to catch my reaction. She was in a small pair of bikini panties that barely covered her ass and a t shirt knotted above the waist.

I wanted to ask, "what the fuck?" Instead I asked, "you making breakfast?"

"Yeah, she replied, "after your night I figured you'd be hungry," she replied with a grin.

Dammit! How thin were our walls. Could she hear us again?

"I'm sorry, were we loud?" I asked.

"No, not really, no louder than you've always been, and it sounded like you were really having fun." She laughed.

I wondered if she'd heard us, well me, talking about her ass. What would she think of us if she did?

I sat down at the table and Katie brought me breakfast. As she was bending over the table Dave walked in. The first thing he was greeted by was Katie's ass. He stopped, kinda looked like a deer in the headlights. I thought he was going to run when Katie noticed him.

"Oh cool, breakfast is ready, " she said. Forcing him to sit down.

I saw him trying not to stare at his sexy daughter, but he wasn't doing well. Katie obviously picked up on it and started to tease him a bit. She'd bend over when she could and make sure he was watching.

I watched her walking around in her underwear. I felt a little pang of jealousy. Not a lot, Just the thought of my husband checking out her ass all day. I mean, I know he loved me, and found me sexy, and I never minded him checking out women, but still this was different. This was in my home. I wondered how I'd get checked out compared to her. Also I had qualms about how wrong it was for a daughter to walk around half naked in front of her father. However so far she'd just given me the 'I'm covered' speech.

I could have put my foot down and just told her it was indecent, but I really didn't feel that way. I liked walking around in my underwear. Why shouldn't she.

I thought, if you can't beat 'em, join 'em. Let's face it. I've been walking around the house for years in my underwear. Why all of a sudden did I stop? We're both girls. They've seen me in my underwear before. In fact the only weird part was Dave seeing her. I'm sure the fact that I was dressed made it weirder that she was in her underwear. If I was to wear mine it would just seem like "the thing we do" not abnormal at all. At least that's what I rationalized.

"So what are you up to today?" I asked.

"I'm going to meet some friends for lunch," she told me.

"Cool will you be home for dinner?" I asked.

"Yes, I should be home by then," she answered, then she thanked me for asking.

"Ok, I'm going to jump in the shower" I said.

I headed upstairs And jumped in the shower. As I showered I thought about how comfortable she was in her underwear. I mean, when did that start? She looked great in the skimpiest of clothes. I used to wear underwear around the house, but now with Katie here I thought it inappropriate. However if she could, why couldn't I.

I then thought about what I'd seen. No pubic hair showing. I knew that was a thing. Did she shave her pussy. Should I?

I decided to try it. When I was done I was surprised at how smooth it felt. I ran my hand across my lips. I was definitely more sensitive. I liked it.

I dried myself off and stepped out of the bathroom. Dave was in the bedroom and immediately noticed the change.

"Something new?" he teased.

"You like?" I replied.

"Come here. I'll show you how much," he said and reached for me.

"Oh yeah? How do you plan on doing that?" I teased.

Pulling my arm towards him he pulled me to him and pushed me onto the bed. Laying on my back he lowered his lips to my pussy.

The good thing about being our age is that you know what you are doing. He knew what I liked and what to do.

With the extra sensation of being bald I moaned almost as soon as his lips touched me,

"Jesus, This feels good, why didn't we do this sooner," I asked.

"Mmmmmm," I moaned as he lightly licked my clit. He took it between his lips and sucked. I gave a sharp intake of air.

"Our Baby sure feels comfortable in her underwear around us." I mused. "Does that, oooooooooo (I moaned as he hit a good spot) mean we should be equally comfortable in front of her?"

"Right there, mmmmmm,". I moaned as he started to suck my clit.

I let the train of thought trail off and concentrated on my husbands tongue between my legs.

"Oh god, yes, right there. Mmmmmmm.. I love you, dammit. I'm going to cum. Fuck yes Fuck fuck fuck," I moaned as I came on his face.

"Fuck me," I breathed.

He didn't need any more lubrication. I was so wet he slipped right in.

"That's it baby, of fuck, yeah, that's it, fuck yes, that feels so good," I moaned. "I love the way you fuck. Your cock is so good. I love the way it, oh fuck , yes, yes, yes."

My orgasm washed over me. I was never a quiet fuck. I'd become noisier since Katie wasn't home. Now with her home I was having trouble lowering my volume.

"Oh fuck, that was good," I cooed.

"Your not done yet," Dave replied, still slowly thrusting his cock.

"Gimme, that thing," I laughed. I pushed him on his back and straddled his cock. "Fuck yes," I said as it entered me.

Using everything I had I fucked his cock.

"That's it babe, let me do the work," I said

Every time he'd try to reach for me I'd stop him.

"You can grab my sss, or play with my tits, everything else is off limits," I teased.

His hands went to my ass as he helped me ride his cock.

Then he moved his hands up to my tits. I loved the way one hand covered almost my entire tit. My nipples pressed against his palm. He lightly pulled my nipples as I fucked him. Dammit, I was going to cum again .

"Jesus, fuck, I'm cumming again," I moaned.

As I came I felt his body stiffen up. . "Mmmmmm..., that's it. Cum with me,".i moaned.

I felt his cum fill my pussy. God I loved that feeling.

I rolled over on my back next to him.

To me the room smelled like sex. I imagined I did to. I wondered if Katie would have noticed. The thought occurred to me that I should probably take another shower. I didn't feel like it though, and besides. She's been walking around in her underwear. Why shouldn't I smell like I'd just been fucked.

I tried to decide what to wear, Nothing too outrageous, something I'd wear if she weren't home.

I ended up in a white ribbed tank top that came to my navel and little white bikini panties.

I kissed Dave, who was still in bed.

"Oh?" He gave me a questioning look.

"It's what I wore before she came home," I said defensively.

Dave held up his hands, palms out, in surrender.

As I stepped out of my room, Katie, wrapped in a towel, was just exiting the bathroom. I assumed she just showered.

"I assume there was enough hot water?" I said. We'd had issues before

"Hot?" she laughed. "Listening to you two I needed a cold shower."

Dammit, I thought. We're going to have to soundproof this house.

What I said was, "sorry. We're not used to having you home,"

"Don't apologize," she said. "I love that my parents are that happily married". Then she threw in, "and I'm glad someone's getting laid, and from the sounds of it, laid well." She laughed. "Plus, that hairstyle looks good on you."

She laughed and headed for her room. I assumed she meant that she hadn't had sex since she broke up with her boyfriend. I also realized I had just fucked hair again.

I went to the kitchen to start cleaning up. I was doing dishes. Then Katie came in to help. Actually considering the last two outfits she was dressed to go out. She was in low cut jeans and a tank top. She was showing a little of her flat belly.

"Ooooo Mom, brave I see," she commented seeing me in a t and panties.

"Well, when you were gone I rarely got dressed and since you don't seem to mind, what the hell," I explained.

"Seriously? Since I've been gone you've been running around in your underwear all the time?" She asked.

"Well not right away, but as we started to redefine ourselves, we recaptured other aspects of ourselves as well," I explained.

"Like what?" She asked.

At what point does your adult daughter stop being a child to you and start being somewhat of a peer?

I thought about it. "Well," I said. "started going out more...Umm... I guess you could say dating.. We were young and broke when we had you. Now we have money to date the way we wanted.

"You know we took a lot of trips. We could travel.

"All of that brought romance back to the marriage. We always loved each other, but that romance was back stronger than ever."

"And led you to walking around in your underwear," she teased.

"Pretty much," I answered.

"So," she said pretty bluntly, "that led to more sex is what your saying and why I hear moaning from your room at all hours of the day."

"Ummmm...yeah," I blushed. "I guess so."

"She smiled. "Well, you look hot in your underwear and it's really great to have parents who love each other. And", she laughed. "You guys sound pretty hot. I'm kind of jealous."

That was a good place for me to change the conversation.

"My turn." I said. "What happened with your boyfriend?"

"Well, like I said, we were going two different directions. He was heading north and I was coming here. He had big plans and a job lined up. I wasn't sure what I wanted to do. I wanted the freedom.

"Plus we'd become kind of stale. We weren't going out, weren't hanging with friends, even sex was down to every two weeks." She said.

"Katie," I exclaimed. "I don't need to know that"

"Oh come on," she laughed. "The way you two go at it, I'm obviously my mother's daughter. I think I may have scared him a bit with my passion."

I laughed.

"I may have scared off a boy or two when I was younger," I said.

"Here's to scary woman," she raised her coffee cup. I clinked mine.

"So, do you have any set plans this summer?" I asked.

"Well, if I have to keep listening to you two I'm going to go out and buy a bigger vibrater. You guys are making me horny. I may have to go out and start picking up random guys.

"But other than that, I'm applying for jobs, I might temp till I find what I want. If I stay here I can afford to look for a while." She said.

"You're always welcome," I said.

Dave came into the kitchen. He saw us talking. Me in my underwear and Katie dressed to head out.

Katie flounced over to her dad, hugged him and kissed his cheek.

Then Katie said, "wow dad, you and mom seem to be having some great sex."

I think Dave nearly choked.

"I mean, it's great," said Katie. "I'm jealous."

"Ummmm...," said Dave.

"Katie, I don't think your dad wants to discuss our sex life with you," I interjected.

"Oh come on. A good looking couple like you? Damn, I'd probably do you." She laughed.

"Ummmm,...," Dave repeated.

"I'm just teasing daddy," Katie laughed, and then added, "kinda," and kissed his cheek again.

Then she said goodbye and headed out the door.

Dave Looked at me.

"Seems we've gotten louder as we've gotten older," I said.

"Swell," he replied.

"Funny," I continued. "she doesn't seem to mind at all."

Dave came to me, pulled me close, and kissed me. "Well, I admit, I love the way you sound when we fuck," he teased.

The day was uneventful. At some point I pulled on some jeans.

I spent a lot of time thinking about Katie. She was obviously smart about relationships. She knew when to end it. She'd obviously grown into a confident woman who knew what she wanted and felt comfortable in her own skin.

And she was gorgeous. Hot. I wondered how Dave felt. I figured ask him.

"So... what do you think about our daughter?" I asked.

"Ummmm ..." he started.

"It's ok babe," I urged. "I know she's hot, and I'm sure her walking around half naked must affect you."

"Well," he answered. "I'd be lying if I said I wasn't looking. She is beautiful. It's weird trying not to look, but wanting to, but knowing you shouldn't."

I loved that we could have honest conversations.

"Well, walking around like that it's obvious she doesn't mind being looked at," I said.

Katie came in a little before dinner with some bags from shopping.

"Hi sweetie, what did you get," I asked.

"Clothes," she replied. "Mostly interview stuff and some new panties and bras."

"Cool," I replied.

"Wanna see?" She asked.

"Sure," I replied.

She poured the contents of her bags out on the table. A few skirts, blouses, and some cute panties and bras. Right there she started to undress. Dave looked up from the couch.

She peeled off her top. She was wearing a cute little bralet. Then she shimmied out of her jeans. As she did her little boy short panties got pulled down a little with them. They exposed most of her ass. As she stepped out of her jeans she adjusted her panties.

She pulled on one of the skirts and blouses. She looked great. She did a little pirouette for us then started to undress again.

She tried on a few outfits for us. Then she pulled on a calf length pencil type skirt and a button down blouse.

"Ughhh, this bralett doesn't really go with this," she said.

She took off the blouse and then, with her back to her dad, took off the bralett and put the blouse back on. Then she turned and asked what we thought. Without the bralett her breasts were completely visible through the blouse. She had great tits with, well, 'perky' nipples.

"What do you think," she asked. "Professional?"

"Well," I replied, "definitely need a bra with that blouse."

She looked down and laughed, "hmmmm. I wonder if this would help me or hurt me in my job search."

We all laughed.

Then she asked, "do I have panty lines in this skirt?"

She did and I told her so.

"Ughhhh...," she said again.

She reached down and started to pull the hem of the skirt up. It was too tight and she couldn't get it past her thighs. She then unzipped it and let it fall to her knees. She put her hands on the waistband of her panties and, facing away from us, pushed them down to her knees. We had a great view of her perfect ass. She pulled the skirt back up and rezipped it. Then she reached under it, pulled her panties down the rest of the way and stepped out of them.

"Better?" She asked.

"Well," I said, a little tongue tied. "Ummm... yes, no lines."

"Professional?" She asked.

I couldn't get the picture of her shimmying out of her panties out of my mind. "Ummm.. very," I said.

"Do you want to see the panties I bought?" she asked.

I wasn't sure how to answer. I realized that there was a part of me that wanted to see them. I also realized she was my daughter and I was getting turned on watching her get undressed. My feelings were making me feel weird.

"Ummm... Not right now," I replied. I'm pretty sure Dave gave a sigh of relief.

"Ok," she said. "I'm going to put these away and then go meet some friends. I be back later."

She gathered up her new clothes and headed to her room.

When she was gone Dave and I looked at each other.

I spoke first. "I kinda think our daughter is a bit of an exhibitionist,"

Dave just looked at me.

"Well, she's either super comfortable in her skin or likes being looked at," I continued.

She came back in the room. She was wearing a super short denim skirt and t shirt.

"Ok, I'm off," she said.

She bent down to kiss her dad goodbye. When she did her ass came into view. It wasn't possible to tell if she was wearing panties. She kissed me and headed out the door.

Not having anything else to say I got up to finish dinner. Dave came up behind me, wrapped his arms around me, and kissed my neck. I leaned back into him.

"Mmmmmm," I responded.

His hands went to the buttons of my jeans. He undid them and started to push them and my panties down.

I laughed, "four in two days? Is our sexy little daughter getting to you?"

I pushed them the rest of the way off and stepped out of them.

I turned and kissed him. "Let's go to our room," I said.

Hand in hand we headed to our room. I left the jeans and panties on the kitchen floor. We hit the bed and started making love.

"Mmmmmm," I teased. "Is our baby girl turning you on? She has a sexy ass, and those tits are perfect. Does her showing off make you horny? Make you want to fuck me? Is that why you're so hard? Your little girl is making your cock hard?"

As I talked he started fucking me harder.

About ten minutes in I happened to look at our bedroom door. I realized I had left it open a bit. That wasn't bad, but I was shocked to see Katie was behind the door looking in. What was she doing home? When I knew I was being watched a switch kind of flipped in me. I rolled Dave over so I was on top. I was being watched, I'd give her something to watch.

"Oh fuck baby, that's it, tuck me, god I love your cock. Even if it's our sexy little daughter who got it hard. She's got a tight little body, doesn't she? What a great ass.

"Oh yeah, god, give me that cock. Fuck me. God yes,yes, mmmmmm, you are so good. What do you think, do you think our hot little daughter is an exhibitionist? She seems to love being looked at. Do you like looking at her? I admit, I like it, such a hot little body. I wonder if she's a good fuck. How many men do you think she's fucked. Can you picture her on her back? Taking a cock with that sexy little body?"

I looked at the door. She was still there.

"Come on baby. Cum for me. Fill me up. I love the way your cum feels in my pussy. Give it to me."

Then I bent over and whispered in his ear, "Katie's watching us."

Dave came. He started to spasm. Hot cum filled my pussy. I looked at the door. She was still there. I locked eyes with her. She now knew I saw her. All of it was too much.

"Fuck yes,that's it, I'm cumming. Oh god, yes, yes, yes," I came hard.

I rolled off Dave onto the bed. I looked over at the door. She was gone.

"Was she really watching?" asked David.

"Uh huh," I responded.

"Geeesh," he said.

"Let's eat," I said. We still hadn't gotten to dinner.

I pulled on a small ruffled pair of bikini panties and a tank top. Dave pulled on some shorts and a t shirt. We headed to the kitchen. I could still smell the sex on us.

About five minutes later Katie entered the room. She was wearing a little pair of string bikini panties and a tank top that came down to her rib cage.

"What are you doing home?" I asked. "I thought you were going out?"

"Yeah, she called and cancelled almost before I left the street," she explained.

"Would you like dinner?" I asked. I wondered what she thought about what she heard.

"Why are you getting to dinner so late," she asked.

She knew damn well why.

I just looked at her and repeated, "would you like to join us?"

"For what?" She asked in a teasing voice.

"Dinner," I replied.

She did. We sat down and ate. Conversation was sparse. I'm not sure any of us knew what to say.

Then Katie kicked it up a notch.

"Wow, you guys seem to fuck a lot," she observed.

We looked at her, then at each other. I couldn't help myself. I laughed. What the hell, I figured.

"Four times in two days," I bragged. "Who would have thought at this age sex would be so good?"

Dave kinda sat there opened mouthed.

"Wow dad," she went on. "Some stud."

"Fuck yes," I responded. "Does it bother you?"

"No, I'm kind of jealous," she responded.

"Well, I'm sure if you wanted it, you could get some," I quipped.

"Probably," she replied, "but you gotta get to know someone before it's any good. I hate condoms, I love cum but I don't know anyone well enough to go without, and I really haven't met anyone it's worth getting to know that well. Besides, you want to know that you REALLY turn them on."

She emphasized 'really.'

"And," she continued, and here was the real shocker, "listening to you two has set my expectations up a notch in that direction. It's actually kind of hot."

"Hot?" I repeated.

"Yeah, I don't know, kinda dirty hot. I mean," she looked at Dave. "Besides, What girls first crush isn't her father?"

Dave was obviously uncomfortable, "Ummmm... I don't think..."

She stood up and bent over and kissed her dad. Interrupting him. She actually gave him a quick kiss on the lips.

"It's ok daddy," she laughed. "I'm hot, I can't blame you."

I let it go. Truthfully, I was getting turned on, turned on and a little uncomfortable with how much the conversation turned me on. I wondered how Dave felt.

She left the room.

"She watched us fuck," I said to Dave.

"So you said." He replied.

"She was home and watching us. The door was slightly open. She just stood there and watched.," I went on.

"Ok.. ummm..," he stammered. I'm not sure he knew what to say.

I stood up, sat on his lap on the chair, and whispered, "it's ok, it was kind of hot."

"Does she know you saw her?" he still sounded concerned.

"Yes, she knows I saw her," I told him.

He looked thoughtful. I went on.

"I think she was turned on by it. I admit, being watched turned me on."

I kissed him. I could feel his cock starting to get hard. I ground against it.

"Again?" I teased. "Is it me, or our uninhibited daughter that is turning you on?"

"Yes," he replied.

I took his hand and we headed to our room.

The week was uneventful. The most interesting thing was what we wore around the house. In response to her string bikini panties, I switched to string bikini. One day she outdid me and let her dad see her in a thong while she was dressing to go out.

During sex she'd often come up. Ok, I'll be honest, I often brought her up. Don't get me wrong. Dave didn't complain, but it was me who'd bring her up and add her to the bedroom.

I was never quiet. In retrospect I probably got louder when being fucked and talking about her. There was something so wrong about it that it was turning me on. I wondered what her skin would feel like. How she'd look with David's cock in her. I had lots of dirty thoughts and I expressed them.

I also noticed that Katie used every opportunity she had to kiss her dad, to stand close, or to hug him. She would often put her arm around his waist when talking to him, or rest her hand on his arm

I was both a little jealous and turned on, it fueled my bedroom conversation.

Dave and I went out Saturday night. We had a great time. When we got back Katie wasn't home. We both changed. Me to bikini panties and a t shirt, him to a t shirt and gym shorts.

"Would you like a snack?" I offered.

"Besides you?" he asked.

"You bet, you're going to need your energy. I plan to fuck your brains out after. So just a small snack," I teased.

We went to the kitchen. He sat at the table. I made him a small sandwich. As I made it we talked.

"I wonder where Katie is," I mused. Usually she tells us, but she must have gone out after we left.

"I'm sure she's fine," answered Dave.

"Me too," I replied. Then I threw in, "she sure is fucking hot."

"Yes, she is," he observed. "She gets it from you."

Not able to get her out of my mind I went on. "Do you think she gets as horny as I do? I mean, she had a steady man, then went cold turkey. If you were gone I'd masturbare every day."

"Maybe she does," he responded. "And watching you jack off is hot as hell. You're a great fuck too."

"Watching her walk around in her underwear kind of turns me on," I admitted.

"No shit," he laughed. "You bring her up a lot."

"Are you complaining?" I teased.

"Fuck no, I admit it gets me hot," he admitted.

"Yeah? You get hot thinking about our sexy little daughter?" I teased.

I walked over to him, sat on his lap, and kissed him.

"Me too," I said, forgetting about the sandwiches.

"

I pulled my top off.

"It turns me on too," I said and kissed him.

I slid off the chair onto my knees. I reached in his shorts and pulled his cock out. There was a drop of precum on the tip. I flicked my tongue out and tasted it.

"Mmmmm...," I moaned.

I lowered my mouth onto his cock taking about 2" in my mouth.

Just then Katie walked in the room. She was wearing yoga pants and a tank top.

"Again? Wow, didn't you just fuck this afternoon?" She teased.

I just looked at her. Dave's cock still in my mouth, I knelt there kind of frozen.

"Well, don't let me stop you. It looks fun," she added.

She went to the fridge.

What was she doing home? I felt a flush overwhelm my body. Being caught like this was hot. The fact that she actually seemed to like it was even hotter.

I finally gathered my senses. "It is," I replied.

Being watched was an incredible rush, being watched by our daughter was so dirty it was really making me want to be naughtier. I lowered my head back on his cock.

Obviously Dave thought it was hot too. Dave moved his hands to my head as I sucked him. As I sucked his cock he was looking at Katie. I looked back at Katie. She was leaning against the counter. Her legs were partially spread. She had her hand in her pants and was obviously masturbating. Dave watched her.

"Oh?" I said. "You like watching our sexy little daughter play with herself?"

He moaned.

"Me too," I said and took his cock back in my mouth.

Finally I couldn't take it anymore.

"I need to get fucked," I said.

I stood up, slid my panties off, bent over, and put my elbows on the table. Dave did not immediately react.

"I said, fuck me," I repeated. .

Dave stood up and got behind me. His cock slid right into me. I responded with a grunt as he entered me with his full length. I looked at Katie. Her eyes were focused on us and her hands were still in her panties.

Dave started fucking me with medium strokes.

"Oh my god, that is so fucking hot," she said.

"Fuck yes it is," I responded.

With one hand she continued to play with her pussy. The other slid up under her shirt and started playing with her breasts.

"Shit," she said.

Then, obviously wanting better access, she pushed her panties and yoga pants to the floor and stepped out of them.

"Oh god," I moaned as she spread her legs and played with her pussy.

She continued to watch me get fucked as she fingered herself. I watched her also.

"Fuck, that's so hot," I exclaimed. "Baby look at our little girl. She's got her fingers in her pussy watching you fuck me. She looks so fucking hot. Doesn't she?"

"Fuck yes, she does," he replied.

"Oh daddy, you think I'm hot?" She sighed. "I want to be hot for you. I want to be hot like mom. Mom is so fucking hot."

Katie continued to watch as Dave fucked me. She had her fingers jammed in her pussy.

"Fuck" she said. "I can't take this anymore. I need to be fucked. It's been too long and this is too hot."

She took off her top as she walked over to the table beside me.

"Mom, I need some of that," she said.

I wasn't sure what she wanted to do. I found out quickly. She bent over the table beside me, ass and pussy pretty much presented to her dad.

"Mom, I've been wanting this since I first heard you talking about me while you fucked. I want daddy's cock," she said.

I took her hand. Dave's cock still inside me, but he'd stop actively fucking me.

"Baby, you want daddy to fuck you?" I moaned.

"Fuck yes," she breathed.

I pulled forward. Dave's cock fell out of me. I stood up turned and kissed him. I then grabbed his hard cock and guided him to his daughters pussy.

"Fuck your baby," I said.

God that sounded so dirty. I heard her sharp intake of breath when her daddy's cock entered her. As I watched his cock thrust into her I started playing with my pussy.

"Oh fuck," moaned Katie. "This is so good."

"Fuck yes," I said. "You look so fucking hot."

Dave's cock continued to fuck her.

"Uh uh, fuck, oh god, so good," she moaned. Then her orgasm hit. "Oh god, fuck yes, I'm coming, fuck yes, fuck me, fuck me!"

You could see her body shake as she came.

"Oh baby, you look so sexy," I said. Then, "Let's go to bed."

Katie stood up, I took her hand. As I did she turned to me.

"Oh mom, thank you. I love being a part of daddy's and your love," she said.

"We love you," I replied.

Then I leaned in and kissed her on the cheek. I pulled back a bit. I could see in her eyes that she wanted what I did. I leaned in and kissed her lips. She kissed back. Her tongue tested my lips as we kissed. I parted my lips for a full on passionate kiss.

We broke, I took her hand we headed to the bedroom.

"Fuck that was hot," I said.

"Yes it was," she replied.

"When did you become such a naughty girl?" I asked.

"I think the first time I heard you talk about me. It was so hot. I had my fingers in my pussy the whole time I listened to you. When you came, I did," she responded.

I stopped and kissed her again.

I almost forgot Dave was there.

"Did you enjoy fuck8ng your daughters pussy?" I asked.

"I love you both," he replied.

We got to the bedroom. I pushed her down on the bed. I straddled her belly and lowered my tits to her mouth.

"Suck them," I ordered.

She took my nipple in her mouth as her hand went to my other breast.

"Mmmmmmm," I purred. "So good."

I rolled off her and took her nipple in my mouth. As sucked on it my hand trailed down her belly to her pussy.

"Yes," she sighed as she arched her back and pushed into me.

Dave was standing by the bed watching and stroking his cock.

"Stick that thing in your daughter's mouth," I ordered. I was loving being so dirty.

He knelt on the bed by her head. She grabbed his cock and wrapped her lips around it.

"Mmmmm..," she moaned around it. "Tastes like pussy," she grinned.

"How do you know what pussy tastes like?" I asked. "Have you been with a woman before?"

"You're my first mom," she answered. "But I lick my fingers when I masturbate."

"Me too," I replied.

As she sucked her daddy's cock I kissed my way down her body. I'd never been with a woman before, the fact that it was my daughter was blowing my mind. I worked my way down to her pussy. I thought about what I liked. I lightly sucked her clit between my lips.

"Mmmmmmm," she moaned around Dave's cock. She stopped sucking. "So good."

My tongue circled her clit and then entered her pussy. She tasted different than me, but I still loved it. I continued to lick and suck her pussy.

She let Dave's cock slip out of her mouth.

"Oh god, Jesus, so good, fuck, eat my pussy, eat me, I'm going to cum," she practically shouted.

I could tell when she came. Her whole body seemed to shudder. She came all over my face. I crawled back up her body and kissed her so she could taste her wetness on my lips and face. Then I turned and pulled Dave's face to her lips. They kissed.

"Can you taste your daughter's pussy on her lips?" I asked.

"Fuck yes," he replied.

"Do you like the way I taste daddy?" She teased.

"I love it," he said.

She then pushed me on my back. "Your turn," she said.

She stuck her ass in the air as her lips tasted my pussy. She looked at her dad. "Fuck me," she said.

Dave got behind her and stuck his cock in her. She moaned on my clit. Her hot breath felt good. Dave started fucking her with short fast thrusts.

She stopped licking me and looked me in the eye.

"This is so fucking hot," she said. "I love daddy's cock."

She lowered her lips back to my pussy. I moaned. "Fuck, so good," I sighed.

As she ate me I felt the orgasm build within me. "Oh god, I'm going to cum," I cried.

Dave started pumping Katie harder.

"Ugh, ugh, Jesus, me too," She grunted than went back to sucking my clit.

My orgasm hit me. "Oh god, yes!" I practically screamed as I came.

"Oh fuck, so hot," said Katie. "I'm cumming, I'm cumming!"

I could see the orgasm on her face. As she came David stopped pumping her.

"Oh fuck," he said. I could tell he was cumming.

"That's it," I said. "Fill your baby's pussy with cum. That's so hot."

Katie collapsed, partially on top of me. David's cum covered cock fell out of her.

"Clean his cock," I ordered her.

David was lying on the bed. She crawled to him and took his cock in her mouth. It was like my own personal porn. When she was done cleaning him I kissed her. She tasted like cum and pussy. I loved it.

From then on Katie spent the night in our bed. She did find a job. It was near home and she decided to live at home for a while to save money for a house.

We didn't complain.

===============================================

Don't forget to rate this story, leave a comment, or give me feedback. I look forward to it.