Daddy's Steamy Apartment
bysecondsamuel©
Author's Note: I'd like to dedicate this story to my wife mrssecondsamuel. Thank you for editing and making different variations of this story a theme in our sex life. I'm tremendously lucky to have you.

This is a contest piece, so please vote. As always, comments and emails are appreciated, many times repeatedly until completion ;)


"I'm going to stick my head in the freezer," Holly said. "That still works right?"

"For now," I answered, my thighs almost stuck to the couch.

"Have you called the maintenance man?" My daughter asked. "This is fucking Texas. People weren't meant to survive summer without central air!"

"Language," I scolded. "You may be off to college in a few months, but I certainly don't want to hear dirty things from a pretty mouth."

"Yes, Daddy," She said, her head disappearing into the freezer.

Despite my natural paternal instincts, I looked over into the kitchen and noticed more than I wanted. Holly wore tight, hip-hugging pink shorts that clung to her skin. It was the kind of fabric that belonged in the gym. Something so skimpy that it really should only be worn during yoga work-outs. Bent over the tiny refrigerator, beads of sweat started to work their way down her back, turning parts of the fabric dark and slick.

Even with the covering, her bottom stood out, particularly pronounced in the constricting fabric. Not that I could blame her - the thermometer in my car read 93 when we went for ice cream, trying to avoid the oppressive heat.

"Call again, Daddy!" Holly's voice rang out from the freezer.

The Daddy thing was both old and new. We'd always been close, but there had been some distance during those first turbulent teenage years. Maybe it was the divorce, maybe the approach of college, but she had been demonstratively affectionate recently.

And adjusting to my life circumstances, I needed that.

"It's the fourth of July weekend baby," I said. "I've already left two messages. I don't think this is the kind of place that specializes in service."

"Okay," She said, pulling her head from the freezer. "Do you want a beer?"

"Sure.."

My daughter bent over further. She wiggled a little, the shorts slipping a little up her skin. I could just make out the start of her crevice between her cheeks, full and bulging out from her shorts while she reached into the crisper. Closing the fridge with a sigh, Holly sat next to me on the couch, her blonde hair tied up in a ponytail, perspiration seeping down her body.

They way she was dressed, I couldn't help but notice the developments fathers try in vain to deny. My daughter's breasts, though not large, were well defined by her white tank top. Perhaps normally her clothes were only a little less than modest, the shirt only descending slightly into a little v shape above her petite frame. Only with the cold air and sweat seeping into her cotton shirt, nearly everything was visible. My eyes drifted down past cleavage. Through her shirt, I could see the outline of her nipples, dark and tiny, growing more and more visible.

But what could I say that wouldn't embarrass both of us?

"Other than the AC, this place isn't so bad," Holly said.

What a lie! Maybe to an 18-year-old girl waiting to move out on her own, a tiny one-bedroom apartment next to a bunch of loud college kids and divorcees looked like a palace. At 45, it was pretty much rock bottom.
"It's temporary," I said quickly. "I'll get something better once the divorce is finalized."

"Yeah," Holly said quietly. "That really sucked Dad. I can't believe Mom was -"

"We don't need to talk about it."

"Are you sure?" Holly asked. "I mean it's okay, I'm totally on your side. She should have gotten the divorce first then fucked the neighbors."

"It's okay. We had been having problems for a while," I said.

That was true. For the past few years, Martha and I lived in separate rooms, leading pretty much entirely separate lives. Though it was unspoken, both of us knew that we would separate after Holly went to college. Of course, Martha just had to blow up the entire thing in the most dramatic fashion.

We hadn't walked in on her or anything. Worse, I took Holly home from school sick one day, only to hear the sounds of my wife fucking from downstairs. For nearly twenty minutes, my daughter and I awkwardly waited, almost as surprised by the sight of two men coming down the stairs as they were at realizing the house was occupied.

Martha hadn't even apologized. Not to me, and more importantly not to Holly. She stated matter-of-factly that it was over, and that I really should leave. It was bad enough that I'd spent the past few years living in a sexless marriage, but at least I might have done something to satisfy my own deprived sexual needs. I certainly would have, had I realized what she'd been up to during the workweek.

It had only been two weeks. This apartment was the only thing I could find on such short notice that wasn't outside my price range. I did okay as an editor for at local newspaper, but I didn't know how much was going to be eaten up by lawyer's fees.

It all depended on how messy Martha wanted to make this.

"At least you don't have to meet them," Holly said. "She tried to have this dude over for dinner yesterday. You know, like it's suddenly normal for her to be dating."

I couldn't help but feel sorry for her, forced to pick between this cramped, sweaty apartment and hearing her mother getting fucked in the master bedroom.

"Just the one dude?" I couldn't help myself. "She must have been hard up this week."

Holly burst out laughing. As she did, her boobs bounced up and down ever so slightly.

I tried to avert my eyes, but it had been over a year since I'd had sex. And even then, it wasn't particularly satisfying. Nevermind that it was my baby girl; with every shake, I could see that her tits were actually a little larger than I had thought. Or at least I was noticing them more now. I tried to pry my eyes away, but each iris riveted towards those nipples.

There was no doubt as to what they were now. I could see almost the entire bottom outline of her breasts in the translucent shirt. Her dot-sized nipples were perfectly placed, pointing out from the cotton, causing me to look against my better sense. It had simply been too long, and I was too horny to think straight. I put my beer into my lap, the cold blue mountains of the Coors against my balls bringing my brain back to reality.

"Can we go to the pool?" Holly asked. "It's so hot!"

"Ugh... I guess," I said. "We can see who came out today, the annoying college crowd blaring 90's rock ironically or the three couples with their obnoxious kids."

Holly leaned over, the tops of her breasts protruding out as she reached for her drink. Slowly, she took a sip, then fell back into the cheap sofa. She let out a yawn, her hands reaching up towards the ceiling, the side of her breasts pouring out from those thin straps.

"Let's give a try," She said. "Come on! Anything is better than baking here."

I let her use the bathroom first, changing into a suit that appeared less revealing than her sweat soaked outfit. Again, my eyes lingered. The suit had horizontal black stripes, pressed down so that I could see the sideways slope of my daughter's breasts, that tantalizing space between the pair before they arched up. Trying to force my head to stare straight ahead, I made my way into the cramped bathroom to change.

I pulled down my jeans and underwear with one motion, my dick springing up and down. Not quite hard, but close enough for discomfort. I cursed at myself, trying to keep my mind from drifting back to teenage flesh. Only trying not to think of something almost always induces the opposite effect. And the more I tried to force the image of Holly's budding breasts out of my mind, the more they bubbled up to the surface.

Maybe it was the heat that forced these thoughts into my mind. Regardless, no matter how I tried to will down my erection, my cock would not cooperate. When I pulled up my swimsuit, only one thing stood out, the noticeable bulge poking to the right side.

Other than that, as I looked in the mirror I didn't have much to feel bad about. I didn't have toned abs, but no six-pack overlapped my waistband. I still had a full head of hair. A larger than average dick, even if right now it wouldn't behave. Not bad for forty-five.

I splashed cold water on my face, my hard-on slowly fading, though the slight swelled up fell of a semi still brushed against my leg. If Holly looked, she might notice. Then again, what 18-year-old girl was that pervy?

I grabbed two towels and went into the living room.

"Finally!" She said, jumping up, her tits bounding up with her.

I willed down another boner.

Worse was walking down the steps from the second floor. Again, her swimsuit wasn't anything to inspire a song - being neither teeny-weeny nor polka-dotted. But the edges of the bottoms went up a little as she stepped down. I could help but stare. Each step revealed just a little more skin. Not enough to look like she had a wedgie or anything, just a gradual riding up, completely showing most of the area where her ass met her thigh.

Again, I tried to look away, not to let the image ferment. But it had been so long, and my reptile brain had its own ideas about what it wanted. I found myself trying to stop even more sultry and forbidden thoughts as I entered the water, trying to content myself with just watching. Thankfully, there was an additional piece of eye-candy to distract me, a college-aged brunette wearing a one-piece that was anything but conservative.

Nor did the girl seemed worried about hiding it as she sat by the pool. Her boobs were so much larger than Holly's, barely contained by these thin white straps that stretched over her shoulders. The upper half of her swimsuit really only hid her nipples and the outside of her breasts, while the bottoms hugged around the part in her legs, exposing most of her thighs.

My tongue must have been dangling because both women caught me.

The dark-haired girl in the one-piece simply tilted her sunglasses down, almost as if sizing me up. She gave me a soft smirk. I quickly looked away, more than a little embarrassed. My daughter, watching this exchange, nearly doubled over with laughter, splashing me with a large swell of water.

"You horny old man!" Holly hissed playfully.

"What?"

"I saw the way you were looking at her," She said.

"I wasn't-"

She splashed me again.

"She saw you too!" Holly said. "She didn't seem to mind. Why don't you go say hi?"

"Holly!"

"Why not?" She said. "She obviously enjoys being looked at."

"I'm old enough to be her father!" I protested.

"So what?" Holly replied. "Daddy's need love too. Besides, Mom is off banging guys nearly half her age."

"Well it's easier for her," I said.

"How do you mean?"

"She's had all that practice," I retorted.

"You always manage to call Mom a whore in such artful ways," Holly said. "I should save some time and start documenting them for my therapist."

"I'm sorry," I said reflexively.

"Don't be sorry," Holly smirked. "Mom is kind of a slut."

We laughed a little.

"Why don't you go talk to her?" Holly asked again.

"What would I say?"

"I don't know, maybe hi," Holly responded.

As if it was so easy.

"Then what?" I asked.

"Don't you write things for a living?" Holly said. "Maybe something like do you go to school around here or what brings you out to the pool?"

I narrowed my eyes at her.

"Okay, yeah that was pretty lame. But you're good looking... she'll talk."

I blushed a little, though it was nice to hear a compliment, even from my daughter.

"She's clearly here with a boyfriend," I said, nodding towards the other guys.

"I'm not so sure," Holly said.

"I am," I said. "Besides, it's been... well a long time since I, since I -"

"Had sex?" Holly blurted out.

I looked at her, mortified.

"I was going to say dated," I said.

"But I'm not wrong about the other thing," Holly said.

"It's not really something I want to discuss."

"Who does?" Holly continued. "But don't let that stop you, Dad. You miss all the pitches you don't swing at, right?"

"I've already got the attention of a much younger woman," I said smartly. "And frankly, it's about all I can handle."

"I'm not so sure you can handle me," Holly said, pulling her arms back to splash another wave at me.

"Careful..." I said.

"Or what?"

She splashed me again.

"Out this deep, there's always a chance of being carried out by the undertow..."

It was one of those corny old dad jokes from a lifetime ago. I would dive under the water, grabbing her by the foot, pulling her back until she submerged under the water.

"You wouldn't dare..."

"He who dares..." I answered, grinning devilishly.

Holly furrowed her brow, her button nose wriggling while she decided what to do. Her arms jutted forward, faking me out for a second, then hitting me with another splash.

Heavily chlorinated water already in my eyes, I used my arms to shield my face. I decided to dive under the water, making good on my threat, my daughter's high-pitched squeals the last thing in my ears before I submerged.

I opened my eyes for a second, only for the burning sensation of chemicals to force them shut. Grasping blinding in the dark, my hands connected with my daughter. Her legs tried to kick away from me, and for a brief moment, my fingers closed around her bikini, grazing the bottom of her ass.

For a second, I didn't react. At least not in the way any father should. My cock swelled a little, despite the cool water. But I left my hands there. I only saved myself by pulling her close, opening my eyes long enough to slide my hands down her long, smooth legs. I closed my fist around her ankle, the fingers on my other hand tickling the base of her foot.

My lungs desperate for air, I shot up, still grasping her ankle. In one quick motion, she's underneath the water. I held her down just long enough to make a point, then watched her float up, taking deep breaths as she surfaced.

"I can't believe you actually did that!" She wailed.

I was thankful she hadn't said anything about touching her butt.

"You were asking for it," I answered.

`She splashed me again.

I made a lunge towards her, only to have her hold her hands up.

"Stop, stop!" Holly said. "You win!"

I relaxed, halfway out of the water, watching almost like a submerged predator as the dark-haired girl entered the water. She smiled, looking at me. I didn't know what to do, thankfully my daughter wasn't shy.

"Hi, I'm Holly," She said, looking at me as if to say, look how it easy it is.

"Kaitlyn," The girl said. "And over there's my boyfriend Devin."

The well-muscled boy with the goofy beard waved as he joined the beauties in the pool. I don't know why I was crestfallen. I mean it was obvious no college-aged hottie was going to hook-up with me, especially not with my daughter in tow. Still, it seemed awfully embarrassing, like we were the family intruding on the cool kid's party.

"Oh right," Holly said. "That's my boyfriend, Tom."

If the couple noticed my transparently puzzled reaction, they certainly didn't show it. I thought briefly about correcting her, but the very idea mortified me. It didn't take me long to realize what Holly was doing, saving us both from any awkward exchange.

Plus it didn't hurt to be presented as that older man with enough looks and charm to date a girl half his age. I know, I know, it's a little gross, wanting to be with a teenager. But maybe I had reached a certain age where the appeal of reclaiming a little of my youth, even in this pretended fashion, superseded any sense of propriety. It's so easy to look down on the midlife crisis before or after its throes. It's much harder to resist in the midst of temptation.

No, I didn't want to date a teenager. Whenever I hear Holly's friends talk, I wonder if they all take turns with one brain cell, passing it around like the Greek fates with that eyeball. But as the window begin to close, I certainly wanted to appear that alluring.

No one wants to be Matthew McConaughey, circling the high school, joking about how seniors stay the same age. But it was flattering to think that after forty years, I might still command the same attention I did forever ago, before I settled down.

"Do you go to A&M?" Holly asked.

"Blinn," Kaitlyn answered. "I'm hoping to transfer after next semester."

"What for?"

The conversation continued on for a few minutes, Holly leaning into the lie, pretending she had taken a gap year before starting in the fall. Despite the girl's initial reservations, Holly won her over. Soon the two were chatting back and forth, with Devin and I awkwardly tried to find some common ground in the way guys have to when their wives become friends.

"Wanna beer?"

Thank god he offered. I didn't want to be arrested for supplying alcohol to a minor. Halfway through our drinks, he made a suggestion.

"Hey babe, let's do a chicken fight," Tom said to his girlfriend.

"What's that?" Holly asked.

"You know, you climb on your partner's shoulders. Then you try and get the girl off."

"That can't be the way you wanted that to come out," Holly said.

Kaitlyn let out a loud laugh.

"You'd be surprised what he's into," The girl said.

"Oh, I don't know how surprised I'd be," Holly said. "Let me guess, you like those pornhub videos where the girls wrestle over a strap-on."

I wanted to ask exactly how Holly knew that, but I stopped myself before sounding like her dad. At first, knowing that my daughter could reference particular porn styles irked me. But as I thought about it, I realized that I'd much rather her be at home watching lesbian videos than out the world getting knocked up by some guy.

Actually, now that I was really considering it, I'd much rather be introduced to her girlfriend than think about another man ploughing my baby girl.

"Whoa... whoa..." Devin said. "I didn't mean anything like that."

But Kaitlyn kept laughing.

"Oh my god," She said between breaths. "It's like you're in his browser history.

"What the hell?" Holly said. "Let's make a dream come true."

"Really?" I asked.

"Come on," Holly said. "It might be fun."

I sort of squatted under the water, letting my daughter climb onto my shoulders. I suppose there should have been nothing other than innocence in the act. Other than Devin, I was probably the only one sexualizing the chicken fight, obsessing over the feel Holly's thighs around my shoulders. I thought about her sex pressed against the back of my neck, covered by that thin piece of fabric.

I knew it was perverted, but I couldn't keep my thoughts from drifting in that direction, especially since Holly introduced me as her boyfriend.

Though it was enough to just feel her touch, my imagination kicked into overdrive as the faux combat began. The two grappled playfully; Holly's bottom wriggled against my shoulders, her pussy rubbing up and down against the back of my head. Though I couldn't see up, I created a mental image of the two of them. Kaitlyn's larger breasts would bounce against Holly's petite frame. Then Kaitlyn would grab Holly around the neck, pulling her into that cleavage, squeezing her against those curves until her legs wrenched free.

Instead of indulging in my perverse fantasies, my baby girl seemed to take the upper hand. Her hands so close to the other girl's boobs, pushing just below Kaityln's shoulders. Then the two grappled, pulling, their hands holding onto each other's arms. We almost had them. Kaitlyn had one cheek off her boyfriend's shoulder...

Then I overcommitted.

I lost my balance, and the two of us toppled over into the pool.

Disoriented, Holly surfaced near the stone step entrance to the water. Her hand grabbed the rail, leading her up the steps to our towels. With each foot forward, I could see just how much her bikini bottom had ridden up, almost like a thong on her left side. I almost saw the cleft between her cheeks as her hand reached down to adjust the fabric.

"Another round?" Devin said.

"I think we're good, man," I said, wincing at how unnatural even the smallest slang sounded in my mouth.

At least I hadn't called him dawg or dude.

"We've got to get back anyways," Kaitlyn said. "I need to get ready if we are going out."

She paused a second, as if considering.

"Hey do you want to come out with us?" She asked Holly. "We are going to hit up Northgate in a few hours."

"Thanks," Holly said. "But I think we're going to have more fun staying in tonight."

"Oh..." Kaitlyn said, taken aback by Holly's implication.

So was I.

I knew it was pretend, a posture to save us any embarrassment. But I still didn't quite get why she'd didn't just admit our ruse. I guess it had already gone too far.

Even so, part of me swelled with fake pride. This college co-ed thought I was going to spend the evening ravishing my girlfriend, who would rather stay home and have me give it to her hard than go clubbing. As far as deceptions go, it was a win-win. Holly got to relish in rejecting a girl who stood a rung above her socially. I got to pretend to be some stud, still living out his adolescent fantasies.

Fantasies that only escalated at the suggestion. The battle I'd been fighting against my brain turned into a route. I thought about what I would do if given the chance, if Holly was actually my girlfriend instead of my daughter. I imagined myself pulling her out of that swimsuit, her breasts pushing against my chest as I held her up, pounding her against the wall.

Blinking back that thought, I replaced it with another. My daughter, on her knees, looking up at me with those doe-eyes before engulfing my entire shaft in one slurping gulp. Even in the cool water, my cock started rising, considering what I really wanted to do to her if freed from any sort of moral responsibility.

There were so many things I barely remembered after so many years of marriage, after the sex had dried up to a special occassion event. Like any man, there were moments seared into the spank bank, only some were fading as the years passed. Worse, I was beginning to replace these memories with a lonely longing for the exotic acts I'd only seen in pornography.

And so, as my daughter stood in front of me, rubbing chlorinated water out of her eyes with her oversized beach ball, I transformed the scene into something more vile. I thought about her standing there, right in front of me, using the same towel to clean my cum from her face.

It had always been a challenge to get my wife to even suck me. I couldn't imagine any scenario where she would let me cover her face in cum. But as I leered after my daughter, I wondered how squeamish she would be about such an act. Holly and the other college kids had been pretty open about their porn habits. When I was their age...

Dear god, when did I start thinking like that?

But there was a point to it. At 20 years old, I would have lied my ass off about the collection of Hustler magazines in my dorm room. Contrast that with Holly referencing a very specific kind of porn, only to have veritable strangers tacitly admit a similar interest in masturbating to the same adult content.

I mean - they weren't watching it for the articles.

So as I pictured her face, dripping with my cum, I experienced a small epiphany. Holly would likely have no qualms whatsoever about many of the more extreme acts her mother shied away from with me, until deciding to pursue them with reckless abandon with the rest of the neighborhood.

I was certain that my daughter had seen dozens if not hundreds of women wearing a man's load. And I wondered if she had ever done it herself, maybe in a car parked outside our house. Some guy I'd never met helping her wipe off her face with a t-shirt before she sauntered up to the house. But then again, Holly had never really had a serious boyfriend. She'd never really shown too much interest. It reminded me of an article I'd edited recently for publication noting the profound decrease in teenage sex and pregnacy.

I remember thinking how weird the pattern was - that in a society consumed with free flowing and limitless adult content, the next generation would chose intimacy and connections over random hook-ups. Maybe it's because compared to the variety available now, back in the eighties and nineties we were deprived, desperate and ready to sell ourselves short for that moment when someone - anyone touched our dick.

Was Holly more content to stay at home, fantasizing and masturbating about more titillating encounters than a rushed blowjob in a beater car? Given how casually she threw out lesbian wrestling, I wondered what else she was really into. Did my daughter watch a girl get led to a bar, stripped naked, and fucked by a group of strangers? Did she watch women tied up to crosses, beaten by dominatrixes with crops and floggers until they begged to cum? And a thought more damning than them all, at least given my fading abilities of self-censorship...

Did she watch those pervasive taboo videos? The ones where the girl says "you're just my step-dad" once before screaming Daddy over and over again.

"Are you ready to head in?" Holly said. "Now that I'm out of the water, I'm kind of cold."

"Give me a second," I said, trying to force my erection to disappear.

*****

"It's still so god damn hot!" Holly whined. "God, it's hotter in here than outside."

"I've opened the windows," I said.

Not that it did much good. Only a few of them actually opened; the rest were almost sealed shut through years of neglect. The only relief came from two large box fans I'd set in the middle of the living, creating almost a breezeway.

"Where do you want to sleep?"

My room turned into a sauna as it was closer to the inside of the building. I didn't know how either of us was going to manage. I had initially offered Holly my room, but now the idea seemed like torture.

Almost as bad as it was listening to her shower.

That had been a new realization. Through the walls, I could make out every sound from the acoustics in the bathroom, hearing the loud thudding crash when she knocked over one of the shampoo bottles. Again, I did my best, trying not to picture the cool stream falling over her naked, nubile body.

Again, it didn't work.

I'd thought about masturbating during the shower, even working my hand down to my shaft, pumping it a few times... but I was sure she would hear.

"Right here," She said. "But there's no way I'm going to get comfortable on this love seat. What were you doing to do, sleep standing up like a horse?"

"I bought a queen sized air mattress," I said.

"Why don't we just share that?"

"I don't know," I said.

"You aren't going to be able to sleep in that room, Daddy," Holly said. "You'll melt into the sheets. I'll have to use a spatula to pry you out in the morning."

"Still, it seems a little weird."

"What's weird?" Holly said. "It's just like camping. Only worse, because you actually paid for this place."

I let out a quiet laugh.

A few moments later, I pulled out the air mattress. I put the bedding on it, sheets, pillows, whatever would fit. Though it was technically a queen, the air mattress must have ruled over Luxembourg or some other smaller kingdom. Laying down next to each other, my daughter's body was only a foot or so away from mine, tantalizingly close in her pajama bottoms and oversized t-shirt.

I was surprised to see her grab a sheet blanket, curling it around her toes despite the heat. I looked at her quizzically, her hands clutching the fabric just below her chin.

"What?" She asked.

"You aren't hot?"

"I just can't sleep without a blanket," She said.

After a few minutes, I saw her point. It seemed weird, even wearing gym shorts and a t-shirt. I felt strange without something draped over me. I considered reaching over to share the blanket, only to change my mind. I didn't really know how to ask.

We passed a few minutes like this, suffering in silence, perspiration dripping down our bodies. Holly tossed and turned, accidentally bumping into me a few time in pursuit of a position that would somehow ignore the realities of a Texas summer. Finally she tossed off the covers, exasperated, her face flushed with the heat.

"These bottoms are too much!" She said. "Do you mind if I take them off?"

"Uh..."

I didn't know how to respond. My baser instincts, desperate to see her undressed shouted at me to shut up. After all, there were too many ways to rationalize this. Holly was just hot and trying to get comfortable.

"Come on, Dad," She pleaded. "It's too hot."

I salvaged my conscience by asking one question.

"You're wearing," I stammered a little. "You're wearing underwear, right?"

"Duh!" She said. "And a t-shirt. It's no more that what you saw at the pool."

"Well, we are dating now," I joked.

Holly let out a laugh, sliding down her bottoms. She was careful to keep the hem of her t-shirt over her waist, not letting me see her panties. Curiosity coursed up from my penis as I speculated about the kind of underwear she was sporting. Though I had my suspicions. Despite her assurances, Holly moved carefully, placing one hand on her ass to keep her shirt in place while she reached for the covers.

Was it a thong?

I adjusted myself, trying to angle my dick to the side of my pants and keep it from growing. My touch had the opposite effect. My cock stiffened, poking straight up to make a tent. Thankfully, Holly had rolled over to the other side of the makeshift bed, giving me a chance to reach down into my shorts and point my dick upwards.

Even in the dark the bulge would have been painfully obvious.

I reached over and grabbed a little bit of the blanket, covering my lap with it.

"Go ahead," Holly said groggily. "Don't let me be a blanket hog."

I pulled a little more, covering up my groin and thighs. I tried to act natural, but with a boner barely bulging out from the sheets, I was anything but relaxed. I thought about excusing myself to the bathroom, but there was a good chance my daughter would hear me jacking off. I would have to at least wait until she went to sleep.

Holly rolled over again, this time her hand falling absently across my chest.

"Can I lay on you, Daddy?" She said sleepily.

"I guess so..." I said, hoping she kept her eyes closed.

Her nose nuzzled against me, rubbing up and down my chest before settling on the side. Through her thin t-shirt, I could feel her tits pressed up against me. I certainly knew from the pliable, soft flesh squished against me that she wasn't wearing a bra. Maybe it was just my dick thinking, but I swore I could sense her hardened nipples poking out against my side.

My arm worked around her, letting her lay in the crook, resting up against my shoulders. Her fingers curled up against my chest, and I held her almost innocently, except for the protesting protrusion from below my waist that refused to subside. I stared at the ceiling, staying perfectly still while Holly started to snooze.

She fidgeted against me a few times, her naked legs rubbing against my waist as she curled around me. Underneath her t-shirt, without knowing where her underwear began, it was easy to envision my daughter completely nude below the waist. Especially as the lower part of her thighs connected with my waist.

There should have been only something completely innocent about her cuddling against me. Almost like we were reliving old times when she would fall asleep during a movie. Or when she needed to be carried in after a long car ride, her neck no longer able to support her tired head. And here I was sexualizing this gift, this one last chance at closeness before she headed off to college.

She stayed like that for god knows how long. I didn't dare move. Curled as she was in the fetal position, her knee was only an inch or two away from rubbing against my dick. I went through periods of calming it down, reverting to just a half-excited semi, only to watch in shame as some stirring caused me to notice again the feel and shape of her breasts pushed against my chest.

She moved a lot in her sleep. Though I also knew that the suffocating heat also added to her restlessness. Both of us were more than a little sweaty. The very air in the apartment seemed humid, almost suffocating. My shirt and shorts felt stuck to me, making the idea of any sort of rest impossible

Holly wriggled again, this time her calf making contact with my erection.

I froze, completely caught.

Somehow, after waiting at least five mississippi, I managed to move. I acted startled, gently pushing Holly off my chest, then I adjusted myself.

"Everything okay?" She said, half-asleep.

Thank god she hadn't noticed.

"Yeah, just hot," I said.

"Take off your shorts," Holly said.

"What?" I said.

"You're wearing underwear, right?" She said, rolling on her side.

"Yeah..."

"It's okay then."

I thought about it, with both my penis and brain immediately jumping to the same conclusion. The extra layer of fabric from my shorts wasn't really concealing anything, and even my waistband seemed soaked in sweat. I reached down and hit the home button on my phone. It was nearly 1:00 AM. If I wanted to get any sleep before the morning, I needed to do something different. Stripping down to my boxers didn't seem so drastic.

I didn't think about the hole down the middle until my shirt and shorts were already on the floor in front of the bed. But then again, how many times had it taken me a desperate moment or two of struggling to fish it out before pissing?

Holly was right, I did feel a lot more comfortable. I let out a loud yawn. She had moved over, her butt pushed out as she lay on her side. Everything seemed safe. And without her young body pressing itself against me, I was able to close my eyes, drifting in and out of precious sleep, my cock forgetting about the impossibly sexy family member lying in a state of undress right next to me.

In that state between wakefulness and sleep, I adjusted, rolling over, forgetting my surroundings for only a second. My arm reached over Holly, falling down around her chest. My hand wasn't grasping or groping; I had her almost in an arm bar, touching the outline of her breasts. Slowly, the realization of what I was doing dawned on me without any idea of how to extradite myself from the position.

I started to pull back, hoping to god that Holly was still asleep.

"That's nice," She said.

I still should have moved away and stopped myself. Instead I dared to go a little further. I changed the position of my arm, lowering the elbow down towards her belly button, getting more comfortable. Of course, that meant that now my hand was directly clasped around her left boob, not squeezing or touching hard enough to alert her.

My erection started rising again. I rubbed my legs together, trying to find the right spot to slide it aside. Much as I began fantasizing about it, I didn't want poke Holly in the ass with the head of my cock. I kept still, trying not to move. I rationalized what I was doing in my head. It just a little spooning, not even really second base. If I got a little excitement out of it, it was only because I'd been so hard up for action of late.

We stayed like that for a few minutes, long enough for me to think she'd gone back to sleep. And just went I started to relax a little, she arched her back a little, just enough so that her butt cheeks touched me.

Not her underwear, not that shirt that she so carefully used to cover herself. Her bottom, complete bare, now rubbed against my waist. Her sleeping shirt had ridden up in the middle of the night, and the sheet was now the only thing stopping me from seeing that my daughter wasn't wearing any panties.

I could feel each cheek pressed against my now rock-hard dick. There was no denying what this interaction was doing to me. I did my best to stay still, even as Holly adjusted against me, almost as if deliberately finding the exact spot to nestle my cock in between the cleft of her naked ass.

I tried not to move, keeping still, holding her close to me... only then...

It was just a little jolt, enough to give myself the sensation of sliding in between her cheeks.

But it was enough.

I pushed back again, involuntarily using my daughter's buttcheeks to slide my cock in between, my thin boxers the only thing separating our skin. Once, then twice, I bucked my hips, stopping suddenly, horrified at what I was doing. I stopped midway through my third thrust, only to be undone as the head of my dick flopped out through the slit in my underwear.

Little more than the head actually touched my daughter's ass. But it was enough. The top of the slit forced my dick down, and slippery wet with precum, it instantly slid into the space between her legs, as if it belonged there. Shocked, mortified, and impossibly aroused, my cock was now uncomfortably close my daughter's vagina, straining against her bare skin, begging to go only a few inches more.

I couldn't believe she was actually asleep. But still she didn't stir. I went to withdraw, only to have her ass move back against me. I could feel my cock coming closer to her pussy, almost parting her lips, the head so close to experiencing the fulfillment of this forbidden fantasy.

I just wasn't able to help myself. I grabbed my shaft, feeling my head rubbing against her pussy, unsure how she could possibly be asleep as I started masturbating myself against her lips.

"Just go on and fuck me, Daddy..." Holly said softly.

Her reaction did more than startle me. Her hand reached back, finding my cock and moving her hips to push me inside her, just an inch or two. Without my help, she could manage barely more than just the tip. But though I had been slowly working myself towards this, now inside of my daughter, and with her enthusiastic endorsement, I had no idea what to make of this.

"Holly..." I started, my voice taking on that dad tone.

"You're already inside of me," She said.

"But.." I tried again, even as I pushed a little further inside of me.

"It's already happened, Daddy," Holly said. "Let's enjoy it."

"Honey, I-"

"Please, Daddy," Holly looked back at me. "Please? We both want it so bad."

And of my resistance melted.

"I love you, baby," I said. "You know that, right?"
"Yes, Daddy," She whispered. "Just fuck me."

I lost myself in lust, one hand holding onto her hips, guiding my cock all the way inside her. In just a second, all seven inches of me were inside, stretching out my baby girl completely. I stopped, feeling her breathe, her pussy clamped tight around my dick, so wet and warm, so eager.

"God, it's so big," Holly whimpered.

"Is it too much?" I asked.

"No, just go slow," Holly said. "I've never done it before."

Something about taking her virginity propelled me forward. I bucked up against her, penetrating her as deeply as possible, eliciting a loud moan. Then I slowly pulled back, almost exiting her before slowly sliding my way back up. I could hardly contain myself. I wanted to immediately start pumping, but I couldn't. I just wouldn't do that to my daughter.

I needed her to enjoy it.

My hand reached up her shirt, pulling it up. At this angle, I could feel without actually seeing her breasts. They were firm, small enough for me to easily squeeze my palm around. I acted like a teenage boy, needing to touch them both, experiencing every inch of new flesh. I moved my thumb and finger to pinch her nipple, then alternated to the next. I used my hold around them to drive my dick home into her body.
Oh god... Daddy, it feels so good."

I began to move more quickly inside of her, my daughter's pussy opening up even wider for me. She opened her legs, using one hand to prop up a space between her legs. I let her body dictate the rhythm, finding the right pace to meet her needs. At this angle, fucking her from behind in a position slightly altered from traditional spooning pose, I could not really give it to her rough, even had I wanted to ravage her.

And part of me did. But only when she was ready.

My hips banged against her. Holly's hand reached down to her clitoris, masturbating herself, my hand holding her leg up for leverage. I moved a little quicker inside of her, sliding in and almost out, her pussy nearly gushing wet with excitement.

"Daddy... I'm going to..."

"Cum for me, baby," I said.

"I'm cumming..." She moaned. "Oh, slow down..."

I could feel it. Her pussy clamped down on my cock, as if squeezing the pleasure out of it. She convulsed, her legs shaking, her whole body vibrating. Instinctively, I held her legs down, almost together, staying still, but I couldn't stop myself entirely. Her body bucked back against mine, her ass smacking against my waist.

She responded so well to the way I held her, keeping her legs almost shut as I fucked her, that I increased my speed. Again I could feel her shaking, though I wasn't sure if this was another orgasm or just a continuation of the first.

Then Holly told me.

"Oh god.. It's happening again!"

Only this time, as I tried to keep going, I accidentally pulled back too far, flopping out of her pussy. But Holly didn't miss an opportunity. She rolled over, pushing my shoulders, jumping on top of me. Our lips met, and I kissed my daughter for the first time unlike any father. Our tongues twirled together, exploring each other, simply making out for a few minutes before she grabbed my cock again.

Moving one leg up, she slowly lowered herself on my dick. Looking right at her, I watched as every inch disappeared inside of her. She grinded against me, holding me by the hips, pulling hers up and down on my cock.

"That's it, fuck me, Daddy!" She cooed.

I pulled her down towards me, kissing her, feeling her body pressed against mine. My hands pressed on her bubble butt. I kissed her neck, giving it a gentle nibble and waiting for a response.

"Oh yes, that feels good."

I kept going, my hands around her cheeks, pushing her into me. Even though she was on top, I was directing the action. She pressed against me, my hips propelling up inside of her, fucking her more than she rode me. I moved my hands to the small of her back, holding her in position, both of us thrusting against each other.

I pounded into her, holding her in place for my pleasure. There were moments when I needed to slow down, afraid of cumming inside of her too quickly. But for the most part I kept up a steady pace. Her long blonde hair moved around my face, swishing as she bounced on my cock.

Our lips met, and I thought I felt another orgasm course through her body. It almost pushed me over the edge. My shaft responded to the spasming coming from her opening. Somehow, I held on, my hands clutching the small of my baby's back as she kept grinding against me.

She pushed up, returning to the more traditional cowgirl position. Then my hands started working her shirt up. Thankfully she caught on to my intent, helping me pull off the oversized t-shirt. In a big reveal, I saw my daughters tits bounce out, pert, perfectly curved with small dot-sized nipples. My mouth closed around them, and soon we moved up and out of the cowgirl position. We were almost sitting together, embracing as our bodies moved together as one.

I held her ass, pushing her down into me. I could hear the sounds of our hips slapping against each other, her moans echoing and rattling in the walls of my tiny apartment. Her neck craned back, her mouth open, her breath frantic, her eyes fluttering open and closed.

"God! Yes, Daddy! I'm cumming!"

She screamed it. Loud enough I'm sure to wake the neighbors. But I didn't care. For all they knew, I was the virile older man, coming over to fuck his teenage girlfriend in the middle of the night. Only the two of us knew the truth. And after years of neglect, there was something so special about finally coupling in such an intensely intimate way.

Already her body seemed so familiar, so easy to understand. There was none of the strange or nervous energy, the awkward or weird moments that accompany most first times. But in this sitting position, there was only so much leverage I could possibly command. And as we rocked our hips together, I nearly came out of her as I pulled back.

Still inside of her, I tried to move her forward into a more missionary style position, only to run out of room on the air mattress. We both laughed as I pulled her back, sliding my ass forward on the air mattress until my feet touched the carpet.

"I'm going to try something I haven't done in a while," I said. "It'll either be really fun or really short."

"Okay, go for it," Holly said.

"Hold around my neck."

And with my daughter gripping me tightly, I held her up by the ass. I stood for a second, her pussy bouncing up and down on my cock, her breasts rubbing against my chest. I was surprised at how weightless she seemed. I wasn't in any great shape, but her petite frame was easy enough to support. For a second, I just stood there, suspending her in mid-air.

"Oh fuck, that feels good," Holly said.

But I wanted more. I took a few steps forward, pinning her back against the wall. Her neck arched back, her body shaking against the wall as my hands moved down her thighs. I slammed my cock into her, banging her against the wall until the room seemed to shake from the effort.

"God! Daddy, that feels so good!"

Our mouths met, my cock pumping into her, that tight little ass sliding up and down. Her nipples were hard, pressed up against me. I reached down to squeeze one, then leaned back, needing to suck again on her breasts. She wriggled back against me, trying to throw herself into me, redirecting my attention to her desperate sex. Any reluctance had completely evaporated, any shyness swallowed up, the sounds of our sin only adding to our pleasure.

"Do I feel good, Daddy?"

I breathed heavy, my entire focus on keeping her upright.

"So good," I exhaled. "You're so hot, baby."

"I've wanted this so long," Holly moaned.

"Really?"
"God yes, Daddy please cum inside of me," She said. "I'm not sure how much more my little pussy can take."

I moved my hand down, my thumb tracing circles around her clit, trying to imitate the pattern I saw her following earlier. It's enough to push her over the edge, her pussy quivering and quaking with every continued push upwards.

"Oh fuck yes, yes!"

It's the first time I'd ever been with a woman so enthusiastic, so voracious and demonstrative in expressing her desire. She almost clawed at my back, gyrating against my cock, letting it fill her completely. I couldn't tell at that point who was fucking who. Inside her pussy, I experienced the throes of her orgasm, the contracting of her pussy pushing me over the edge.

Somehow, I managed to warn her.

"I'm going to cum..."

"Cum with me, Daddy," She yelled.

I've passed the point of no return. The head of my cock twitched, and I stopped for a few seconds, almost surprised as the first spurt of cum shot inside my daughter. Then I needed to drive out the rest. I continued ploughing into her, filling her vagina with my load. My head was still pulsing, letting out the last drops as I thrust into her. I could feel my orgasm subsiding, only something kept me going for a few more strokes.

"Yes, yes, get it all out, Daddy," Holly moaned. "I'm..."

And she shook again, overcome by another, smaller orgasm following the first full-fledged explosion. Even so, it was enough to propel her back against the wall one final time, only this time, my softening cock slid out of her. With my dad reflexes, I was able to catch her by the rump before she fell onto the ground.

"God Daddy, that was so good," Holly said, her head resting on my shoulder.

*****

We laid naked on the air mattress, exhausted, but still wide-awake, our bodies brimming with excitement. Holly nestled her head on my chest, her tiny fingers tracing their way up my chest.

"Not that I'm complaining, but where did that come from?"

I had to ask.

"I guess I might as well tell you," Holly said. "It's not like anything could be that embarrassing now..."

"Are you embarrassed?" I asked.

"Maybe I should be," Holly said. "But I'm not. I've wanted this for awhile. Are you?"
"A little concerned," I managed. "I don't want to have taken advantage of you.."

She let out a laugh at this, her bare breasts squeezing against me.

"I think it was more the other way around," Holly said.

"What do you mean?"

"You're not going to laugh?" She looked up at me.

"I promise."

"It started with an erotic story I read online..."

And the story just spilled out.

"Ink, Sex, Magic. It's one of my favorites, there's an elaborate background involving sorcery and tattoos. I don't remember how I found it, but I started reading, and the main character is quickly fucking her father. It's not just sex though... like an actual relationship.

I think the dad is just so hot. I ended up masturbating to the sex scene, but I felt so ashamed that as soon as I climaxed, I exited the story, trying to forget it. Only the name stuck in my brain. I remember telling myself that I'm just in it for the story - to see how it ends.

I stopped caring at some point. I start finding other authors in the same category, always daddy/daughter stuff. I thought it was just a fantasy. I kept telling myself it's not really about you. Then one day I hear the shower going, and the door is open just a crack..."

She took a deep breath.

"So I peeked..."

"What did you see?" I asked.

"You... masturbating," Holly said. "It was the first cock I'd ever seen. You were so big. You were almost bent over, one hand was against the wall, the other stroking yourself. I watched longer than I should have. I was sure you would turn around. I didn't actually see you cum. I got too scared and too horny."

"And?" I asked.

"And I'd been thinking about it every since," Holly said.

"It's certainly thinking about you right now," I answered playfully.

She reached down, her hand holding onto my hard cock.

"So this was your plan?" I said as my daughter slowly stroked me.

"God no," Holly said. "I just thought it would be sexy to tease you. To see how much I could get away with before you called me out."

She paused, thinking of what to say.
"But I'm glad you didn't say no."

"Me too..." I said, moaning as her hand worked up and down my shaft.

"Do you want it again, Daddy?" She cooed.

"God yes," I said, moving on top of her.

It was much more intimate. We kissed first, my fingers exploring her pussy, warming her up before I slowly slid my cock into her. On top of her. I took my time, exploring her nipples, feeling every inch of those subtle curves as my hips connected with hers.

"Be quick, Daddy," She said. "I'm sore."

I started to increase my pace, pushing her legs apart. Her knees were in my chest, holding her in place so that I could grab onto her legs, pistoning myself in and out. Her fingers moved to her clitoris, making the same pattern from before as she masturbated to keep herself going. She let out several cries, and I stopped, remaining perfectly still, not sure if these moans were from pleasure or pain.

"Are you okay?" I asked. "I can stop."

"No, keep going. It feels good," Holly said. "I'm just sore. You're so much bigger than my vibrator."

I started gently, but her response edged me on. I had her legs pushing against me, burying myself deeper with every thrust, increasing my rhythm.

"God, it's so deep, Daddy!" Holly moaned. "It feels so good!"

The soles of her feet pushed against my chest. I realized that she reacted better to shorter thrusts, and I tried to keep myself inside her as much a possible. The sounds of us smacking together filled the tiny room as I again pounded into my daughter's pussy, only to be overpowered by the growing cries of joy from my baby girl.

"Right there, Daddy! I'm so close."

I tried to keep at the exact same pace. I held up her legs, driving myself deeper than ever with her ass angled up, suspended a little off the mattress. She grinded her pussy back against me, twisting and turning, then shaking with pleasure.

"I'm cumming!"

I knew I needed to finish quickly; she'd told me as much, but I'd already spent myself. Though I could easily cum multiple times in a day during my youth, doing so in my forties was no easy task. Still, as I pounded into my daughter, continuing at the same frantic, frenzied pace after her orgasm, I thought for a second that my balls might do me a favor and release my seed into my daughter again.

"Cum in me, Daddy," Holly said.

I could sense her desire fading, her pussy tiring from the once sensual battering. Holly bit her lip, trying not to show it. Her cries became quieter, stifled by her efforts to please me.

"Please finish, Daddy," She said. "I'm not sure how much I can take."

The building pressure I thought about to cause an eruption ebbed and faded. I was still hard, but I knew it would take more than quick minute or two of fucking, nor did I want to push my daughter too far in only her second experience. Still, even as I pulled out, my cock wet with her fluids, she protested.

"No, Daddy," She said. "I want you to finish."

"It's okay baby," I said. "Come here and suck me."

"Are you sure? I just want to please you."

I reassured her.

"You will, I haven't had your mouth yet."

I stood up, and my daughter sank to her knees. She pushed the sweaty strands of blonde hair out of her face, her lips pursing around the head of my dick. Slowly, she sucked, her tounge working around my hole. Holly performed timidly at first, slowly taking more and more inside of her mouth.

But as she relaxed, my daughter managed to put most of me constantly in her mouth. Only once did she manage to take me all the way, her nose brushing against my pubic hair. Quickly after this, she started to gag, choking and coughing for a second before returning to her task. A little skittish, she focused on building up a pattern, bobbing up and down my cock, using her hand to stroke where she couldn't quite suck.

Her tongue traced down the length of my shaft, lapping at my balls as she stroked me. Whatever experience she lacked, my daughter more than made up for with enthusiasm. Every inch of me, from head to sack, was soaked in her slobbering embrace. She sucked, looking up at me with those big doe-eyes, letting me guide her with my hand.

"God, I'm close," I said. "Where do you want me to cum?"

Her hand moved to stroke me. I could feel the heat of her breath while she spoke.

"Anywhere you want, Daddy," Holly said. "I'll swallow it. Or you can cum on my breasts, or my face.."

"Oh yes..." I answered.

"Do you want to cum on my face?"

"Yes, baby," My hand wrapped around hers. "Suck Daddy's balls."
Her head tilted to the side to obey.

I could feel myself getting close. The opening at my head start to tingle, reaching the point of no return as the semen surged up from my balls and into my shaft.

"I'm going to cum!"

She moved in front of me, eyes wide and starting up at my cock. I grunted and groaned. I had been so close with my balls in her mouth, only to fade at the last second. I kept stroking. Holly stuck out her tongue, giving me a small lick, then sucking me for a few seconds before I took hold of myself again.

"Tell me what you want," I said.

"I want you to cum on my face, Daddy," She said.

"God I'm close, keep talking," I begged.

"Please, Daddy. Please cover my sweet, innocent face with your big Daddy load."

She moved her hands to clutch her tits, squeezing them as she looked almost innocently up at me.

"Cum, Daddy. Cum all over your daughter's face."

She was waiting, ready for me to final fulfil this fantasy, and yet the semen stayed put, right on the edge.

"Please, Daddy, cum all over my-"

She didn't finish the sentence. My first shot landed in a large strand from her forehead to her lips.

"Oh yes, Daddy..."

Holly stayed put, a smile spreading across her face as the next two spurts landed on her nose, dripping down onto her lips. I kept stroking myself, surprised at the volume of cum spraying out from my second load of the night. Other than that one large rope stretched up onto her forehead, semen stuck mostly over the lower part of her face, collecting mostly around her chin and nose, She darted her tongue around, tasting my seed, before opening her mouth to show me that she was swallowing,

"Thank you, Daddy," Holly said.

I was about to get her a towel when she stopped me. Using one finger, she scooped up as much of the semen as she could, slowly sucking the digit clean.

"You taste so good..." my daughter said.

I helped her, using my finger to collect the cum on her forehead. Then holding my finger out, I watched while sucked it clean.

"Did you like that?" I said, my first two fingers in her mouth.

"Uh-huh," She said through them.

After a cold shower together, we both settled back in place on the air mattress, naked and covered up by the thin sheet blanket. Again, Holly nestled up against me, her head on my chest.

"Thank you Daddy," Holly said.

"Get some rest baby," I answer, my hand rubbing her temples.

Exhausted, she fell asleep in my arms.

The last thing I remembered before drifting off to sleep was my daughter's bare breasts, heaving against my side with each breath.

Yes, it was hot, and yet we both had managed a restful bliss.

Thanks for reading. This is a contest piece, so if you enjoyed the story, please shower me with stars.